Read Norwegian Wood. The Gotterdammerung. 

Day 147 Saturday T-minus 0  
Woke up at 8:00. Back on campus so I don’t know if we’ll keep this up but we’ll see.

Day 146 Friday T-minus 1 (In reality 0\)  
Woke up at 8:00. Writer gets caught up in a book money-laundering scheme. Uber driver (Taxi Driver Remake). Back at Exeter. Trooper Beckles Brad. 

Day 145 Thursday T-minus 2  
Woke up at 9:00. Tomato soup. Sir Gawain. You season 2? Sex Education’s terrific. Joe Rogan got Covid. Went out for a run, finally. Felt good. Finished packing. It’s game time baby.

Day 144 Wednesday T-minus 3   
Woke up at 9:00. Classes are out. Oof. Endless Summer. Probably worth talking to McLaughlin. Challenge: Go to every single Office hour. Pack tomorrow. We’re back in this. Destination- Nickel Creek. Master Oogway. Sympatheia. 

Latin \- Hartnett  
Greek \- Unger  
English \- Moriarty  
Math \- Molina  
Bio \- Goddard.

Song: Endless Summer by Gizfolk. 

Day 145 Tuesday T-minus 4  
Woke up at 7:30. Subreddit Simulator. Went out for a health checkup. Human drivers of fire. Plans for Browning next year. Fries. Tacocat. It’s always been the palindrome. Cutting back on the magic. Only a couple more days to go. 60 days till November? Belshazzar’s feast. The Society's actually quite interesting.

“Why do they even make cardboard if it tastes so bad?” 

Day 144 Monday T-minus 5  
Woke up at 8:00? Finish draft and head out for a run. Come back and shower. Draft at 2\. Composed a draft. Did less good on the run part. Bright and early tomorrow. Shower.

Day 143 Sunday T-minus 6   
Woke up at 7:00. Elements of a good horror story. Objective evaluations of American leaders. Didn’t do much today. Wake up early and wash up tomorrow. Going for a checkup on the 31st. Savile Row. 

Day 142 Saturday T-minus 7  
Woke up at 9:00. Week left to go. Feels pretty cool out there. Write Personal Statement at 2:00 if not before. Updated passwords. Wishbones. Froghemoth. Magic has some undeniably good card art. Riverdale is back. Oobah the Youtuber. Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri. 

Day 142 Friday T-minus 8  
Woke up at 6:00. Fell asleep yesterday before we had a chance to get outside. A Rickconvenient Mort. Judith and Holofernes. At long last, we solved the fisher cube. Get out there today. Run felt good. Artificial Pancreas. Noel Deyzel Chad.

Day 141 Thursday T-minus 9  
Woke up at 8:00. Had a pretty productive meeting with Terhune. Formulated College List. Update Naviance. Fill out Senior Questionnaire. Find out about UC schools and UK applications. Met with Advay about PGA. Oxford it is then. Misspelled Receive. Misspelled Misspelled. Get a cooling fan. Left behind in Afghanistan. Provos. Before Sunrise. Various cuts of meat. Motif-Index of Folk-Literature.

Day 140 Wednesday T-minus 10  
Woke up at 7:20. Meeting with Terhune soon. It's the end of summer in Hamden, Connecticut. Terhune rescheduled meeting for tomorrow at 8:30. Work on personal statement. Go at it hard for these last couple of days. Hagiographic. Onlyfans said sike. Investigate wattage. LinkedIn. Manresa. Keep it up to date. Good idea to get a professional-looking photo. Tires used to white. Asterix. Spam and eggs spaghetti. Went out for a run. Wash dishes. No jetlag?

Day 139 Tuesday again. T-minus 11  
Touch down. Meeting with Terhune tomorrow at 8:00. Back in Hamden. 

Day 138 Tuesday T-minus 12  
Woke up at 6:00. Flying back. Sweet magnolias has a nice theme song. Ken Miles. Ford v Ferrari takes the cake for best film on flight.

Day 137 Monday T-minus 13  
Woke up at 9:00. Dreamt that we were back in school. Saw Sabrina, Finegold, Alex Fan and Giacomo. Blue Oyster Cult. Met with Eric. Flying Back Tomorrow. Went out for a run. Bacchus patron god.   
   
Day 136 Sunday T-minus 14  
Woke up at 7:30. Went out for a PCR test. Davy Crockett. Took a long nap. Flying out the day after the next. Meeting with Terhune the morning after Arrival. Schedule meeting with YJ same week. Still got a little time left to work on some supplements for early action. Macaroni and Ham soup. Ginny and Georgia. Sweet Magnolias. Eternals looks pretty good actually. Having lunch with Eric tomorrow. Do good work on project ultimate victory. Shakespeare today.

Day 135 Saturday T-minus 15  
Woke up at 10:30. Act of God. Write to YJ. The Anarchist Cookbook. The dangers of small particulate matter. Theft of Mona Lisa. Horatius at the bridge. Common app (Project Ultimate Victory)

Day 134 Friday T-minus 16  
Woke up at 11:30. Compose personal essay draft. Look to a thousand faces for archetypes. Meeting with Terhune on August 25th 8:00 AM. Forced perspectives. Spider man and the aftermath of 911\. Gandalf returns. Transdermal Optical Imaging in Lie Detection. Finished personal essay first draft. Worthless Treasure. Giga-chad. Treasure hunt where you actually find the treasure. Giga-chad is a real person. Indignation. Kafka on the Shore. Pharmakos.  
47 Ronin. Rashomon. Actually we really ought to do a Rashomon adaptation. Probably a good idea to write to Lembo about PGA. Phaedrus. Jacques Derrida. Personal scale calibrator. Ranking of favourites. Northside-Southside. Connect with people, Mr. Doubt Your Life. Springtime for Hitler.

Day 133 Thursday T-minus 17  
Woke up at 11:00. Seeing Andrew today. The G.O.B. No, we always get fucked. A one liner movie. Formula is Rosalind plus Juliette/Carmen. Did an interesting escape room type of thing. Scheduled meeting with Terhune around the 25th? Where are our listening machines?

Day 132 Wednesday T-minus 18  
Woke up at 8:00. Yeehadists. Y'all Qaeda. Petrashevsky Circle. The Final Battle. C.O.R.N for Crazy Organization of Robotic Nerds. Dr. Nachos. Marcus Garvey. Categorizing Platform. Eat Carpet. Dunning-Kruger. King of the Hill. Solar Opposites? Erin O’Toole. Jurassic World Mosasaurus Scene. Morty comes from Marty McFly. Piece de Resistance. Good cop bad cop. The lego movie’s actually pretty good. Work on draft for prompt. Flipism. Bill Cipher. Pi Equals 4? Got recommended “Me at the zoo.” Young Orange. Went long today. Felt okay. Watched Your Sister's Sister.

Day 131 Tuesday T-minus 19  
Woke up at 9:00. Talked to Kevin about Connexeter. Tabu 1931\. Work on scholarly voice. London Fields. Situation in Afghanistan. Pygmalion. Meeting with Beaver tomorrow morning at 10:00. Lawnmower: Modern Sisyphus.

Cycle Summary:  
Less activity than previous weeks but we got a lot of thinking and work done. Schools coming back up soon. Focus our efforts on that. Month till adulthood. Let’s remember why we’re doing this. Just took a shower today. 

Epics work because we’re all a little bit Aeneas.

Day 130 Monday T-minus 20  
Woke up at 11:00. Low mileage last week, work up this week. Fill out college apps. Schedule a meeting with Terhune. Ozzy. Definitely, Maybe. More clothes came today. New Horizons. Talked to Beaver today. Let’s give it all we have. Went out for a run. Felt good. Coming to America.

“The conqueror of countries and hearts. The wrestler of lions. The tamer of elephants. The inspiration for Mufasa. The most well-endowed man in Africa, General Izzi”

Day 129 Sunday T-minus 21  
Woke up at 8:00. Met with Beaver about college apps. Register for Cornell and UChicago on the Common App. Ran today. It’s been some time but remember what we’re fighting for. Watched Dora the Explorer. Rorschach, Watchmen. Black and White. Look at supplements. Jackie Earle Haley. UChicago has some interesting essay questions. Angelus Silesius.

Reminder:  
UChicago Webinar- Sunday, August 29, 2021 1:00 PM (CDT)

Day 128 Saturday T-minus 22  
Woke up at 7:30. Sent Aboo and Gonggong off. Ghostbusters Afterlife. Sent a letter to Carbonell. Felt good doing something.

Day 127 Friday T-minus 23  
Woke up at 9:50. Get to work on the common app. Met with CSO at 10\. Outlined a couple things for next year. *Retainance*. Get ISA on the inner email list. John Wick. Man of focus, commitment and sheer will. School’s coming up soon. Meet with ISA. My Young Son. Anthology series. Vasilisa. Mortar and Pestle. Internecine. Pyrrhic. Women who run with the wolves. Remi Gaillard. It’s Tybalt in John Wick. Conversion of St. Paul. Assassin, Hashish-eaters? Colour fixed our model. Time. Meaning is so rare in nothingness. Feeling a little empty for the past couple of days. Wow we did a deep dive down this document, been a while. VW Van. Think we’re gonna work on a biography. Talk to Aboo and Gonggong for our med med in the fall. 

“Consider your origins: you were not made to live as brutes, but to follow virtue and knowledge.” Inferno, Dante.

To do:   
Send recommendation form to Carbonell **Check**  
Write common app  
Set up meeting with Terhune  
Meet with ISA

“It’s days like today scattered among the rest.”

Day 126 Thursday T-minus 24  
Woke up at 9:00. Meeting with CSO tomorrow morning. Weird ass-moments to have deja vu. Went out for Tea. The Hobbit. Potadaho. Rex Kwon Do. Get back out there and put ideas down on paper for meeting with YJ. 

Day 125 Wednesday T-minus 25  
Woke up at 7:50. The neverending story. Kelly Bundy. Stranger Things. Clothes came today.

Day 124 Tuesday T-minus 26  
Woke up at 11:35. Had a dream about Will Park reenacting scenes from anime? Had a track zoom meeting.

Day 123 Monday T-minus 27  
Woke up at 9:30. Pick out clothes. Shopping done. Signed up for a UChicago info session. Maybe do a couple virtual tours. Meeting with CSO tomorrow at 10\. Sent back a questionnaire for college apps. Revisited some lower year Toby thoughts. We turned out quite different. Ascend the *cursus honorum*. Did some running planning. Plan for a test run tomorrow. Satanic Rituals. Bulla. Eau de vie. Ship in a bottle. Brainstorm college apps. Fill out form for Carbonell. Get out to run soon. Ergonomics and pseudoscientific racism. Make planning a half marathon a thing. Think about college, spend these couple weeks left well and fully. Patch things up with Gretl. Make new friends in the coming year. Build a desk. 

“If only I shall touch his garment, I shall be made well.” Matthew 9:21  
“Life creates itself in delirium and is undone in ennui.”  Emil Cioran.

UChicago Webinar Sunday, August 29, 2021 1:00 PM (CDT)  
Song: Never Forget You by the Noisettes.

Day 122 Sunday T-minus 28   
Woke up at 11:50. Had a dream about reading in a British accent with Kaitlyn? Lot of meetings coming up. Mac case arrived. It’s the cat’s ass. Celeste. Strange. Montezuma to Tripoli. Outer banks soundtrack. Modern adaptations of Carmen? Romeo kills Juliet. Love and murder. Toreador. Tried to put a screen on our phone, failed epicly. Got a Rick and Morty phone case. A little tired today. 

Day 121 Saturday T-minus 29  
Woke up at 9:25 today. Went out for Dim Sum. Stalked Charlie on Reddit. Moved a couple of things with mom. How to solve a Rubik’s cube. Carbonated milk. Luke Skywalker a jihadist? Men At Work. Down Under. Fisher Cube. Bohan. Dentists are bone sculptors. 

Spiok pliosi en awr longwogi.

Day 120 Friday T-minus 30  
Woke up at 9:50 today. A month to go. Josh Johnson. Moral panic. Verisimilitude. Subversion. Star Wars and Nazi Germany. Child Slayer 9000\. Went for a run, but legs were a little sore. Haven’t been going outside much otherwise but probably should. Go swimming. McNamara fallacy. Analogy of the Sun. Newton’s flaming laser sword. Find Truth.  
   
“Eventually I concluded that language was bigger than the universe, that it was possible to talk about things in the same sentence which could not both be found in the real world.” Mike Aldor on Newton’s Flaming Laser Sword.

Day 120 Thursday T-minus 31  
Woke up at 10:30 today. CEO of Bang energy drinks. The ethics of Star Wars. Got our mac back. Propaganda. Twice born. Modern adaptations. Fake app scam. QR codes. Captain Brett Crozier. Speed walking at the Olympics. Herman Cain Award. Transcribe C.O.R.N. Do shopping soon. Kissing Booth 3\. Never have I ever. Ben Gross, Redditor, Rick and Morty fanatic?

Day 119 Wednesday T-minus 32  
Woke up at 10:54 today. Day 2 of typing on our phone. Worked out a route for a half marathon. Updated our log. Finished the T rex.  Ran just 5 miles today. Felt good though. Keep at it. Dug up some old stuff. Dr. Nachos. Talked to Annalisa. Call in two days.

Day 118 Tuesday T-minus 33  
Woke up at 9:20 today. Had a nice dream about Grace. Went out to sort out some stuff and sent our laptop to get fixed. Tying this in on our phone. T-rex came, did some work on it. Went out to swim and went for a run afterwards. Felt good. Plan for a mile trial. 

To be a fish in water  
The man stares at his rock  
Allegories, mister.

"That's some good proactive planning"

Day 117 Monday T-minus 34  
Don’t think we woke up today. Worked on TCR in the night and was looking to submit by noon. Probably wrote an average of 4000 words these past couple of days. Endnote generator saved our life. We did it, TCR turned out to be around 10109 with endnotes and bibliography. Wrote to Fisher. Showered. Slept.

Day 116 Sunday T-minus 35  
Woke up at 12:00. Rush on TCR and write to Fisher tonight. Haven’t ran in two nights, resume after submission or if TCR date is extended to November. Mr. John Lennon. Jack the Giant Slayer. Nah let's do this. Aleuts and the Delarof. 

Plan to finish and submit the TCR today  
Finish filling out the quotes **Check**  
Finish introduction **Check**  
Compile bibliography **Check**  
(Fix footnotes of the government report.) **Check**  
Insert Footnotes **Check**  
Adjust headings **Check**  
Mix quotes **Ehhhh**  
Meet with Fisher for last changes **Check**  
Submit **Check**

Day 115 Saturday T-minus 36  
Meeting with Fisher in about 8 hours. Going to pull an all-nighter, or at least until a reasonable draft comes to shape. Form paragraphs. Don’t worry about linking everything together yet. Just take the quotes and talk about what evidence they present. Finishing season 1 just as season 2 was released. Outer Banks. Star crossed, holy sht. We’re going to figure out prime literature. Expectation subversion. Now Titanic? Shower when we get tired. Woke up at 6:00. Meeting with Fisher tonight. Fefe. Breaks pole then breaks record. Can aphantasiacs dream? r/consistentlyverbose. Place is a gold mine. Found Langford’s doppelganger. John Brown. Sic semper tyrannis. The confederacy hates Lincoln, what a surprise. Maryland My Maryland. Confederate songs are major sus. Holden Quaresma. There should honestly be a John Brown movie. Tragic prelude. Kinda looks like Rick. The chi-rho. Dan Crenshaw, guy has an eyepatch. Helter Skelter. Lucius Needful. Road to El Dorado. Go back and replace government report later. The monkey and 1000 peaches. Diocletian.  
.  
Prompt: A man eats 1000 peaches to gain immortality. 

“Brown has been variously described as a heroic martyr and visionary, and as a madman and terrorist.”  
“Some people prefer playing video games, others prefer staring at marked slices of trees and hallucinate vividly for hours on end.”  
“A conflagration of the senses, if not an inspiration of the intellect.”

“I am the Alpha and the Omega.” Apocalypse 1:8

Day 114 Friday T-minus 37  
Woke up at 9:58. Rough sleep. TCR work day. Why are fish so much faster? Resistive force theory. Neon tetras probably. Make body paragraphs. Biomechanics. That actually sounds really interesting. Fish depression is real. Oof. Reply to apple store email. Engage in sequential enumeration. Mostafa’s Razer. Bipedalism. World-building. Creatures. Organic methods of terrestrial locomotion. Animals and athletics. Hot stuff. Outer banks, it’s Romeo and Juliet, Pyramus and Thisbe. Kie’s Rosaline. Of course, the Midsummer party. Money’s for dummies. Long live the proletariat. Check out Saturn devouring his son in Assassin’s Creed. Shakespeare lives. He lives. Spoken Latin. Pomegranate. Malogranatum. Granada. Placenta means cake. Remember to wash the dishes.

“What you need to do is you need to nut up. If you got a problem, the only thing you can do is fix it.”

Prompt: a “prove your not a robot page” shows increasingly disturbing images.

Dinosaurs as prehistoric Ozymandiases.   
Squids may be the only animal with jet-propelled aerial locomotion.

Day 113 Thursday T-minus 38  
Woke up at 11:50. TCR. We’re getting faster. Keep this up. Can’t believe there’s no Daybreak season 2\. Outer Banks, all about a class struggle. Assam. Sir Gawain. Gone, gone, gone. Adapt Turandot, like the Half of It with Cyrano. Our talk with Stephen about the death of Shakespeare. Rhododendrons. 

“Thanks for the fat 10 gift subs pikachu, my c\*ck is throbbing, throbbing”  
“Risote. Risote.” A Graffiti Sign on our run. 

Day 112 Wednesday T-minus 39  
Plan to wake at 5\. TCR settled on important aspects. Plan for meeting today. Woke up at 7:00 Saved by the bell, meeting tonight at 10 instead. Guess I’m an ap scholar. Asked for Aleut bill from the Library of Congress. See if they can get back to us. H.R 1631 and H.R 7383\. Anabasis. Went back to sleep. Sloppy steaks. I think you should leave. TCR outline down. Start inserting quotes. Cooked me eggs with the egg timer. Spectacular. Met with Fisher. Full speed ahead, try and hit it by the 1st. How did German POWs get to Alaska? Meeting with Fisher on 30th 9pm EDT. Waiting on the Summer.

Day 111 Tuesday T-minus 40  
Woke up at 10:50. About a month left till school. Last cycle was ok, we got out there to run. Keep that up. Probably the most fit I have been over any break. Meeting with Fisher moved to tomorrow morning. Work on TCR today. Remember why. A world of benches. Goodreads. Oresteia. House Atreides. Dune. Drugs and sci-fi. Star Wars sandcrawler. Forced Seal Harvesting. Updated to Big Sur. Running into some sound issues. Ahmed Hafnaoui. Corinth, Vegas of the Greeks? Bellerophon’s the one that kills the chimera. Egg timer came. Air taxi service. Been in Shanghai for 49 days. Went for a real long run today. Saw a big boat. Coach Newbould. Sasquatch. Lactate Shuttling. Run in the boston marathon. Wake up early and rush TCR.

TCR Work Plan:  
First draft (meeting with Fisher)  
Put in Citations  
Compiled Bibliography  
Final draft

Day 110 Monday T-minus 41  
Woke up at 11:00. Good stuff. Work on a draft for the TCR. See if we can get out there today. Update log. Girlfriend. Call me maybe. Austin Powers. Goldmember. Cosa nostra. The room temperature room. Don’t Britta it. Greendale’s the way it goes. Shoes came. They look quite nice. Beetle Robo Kabutack. Rained a little on our recovery. Felt good. Worked on the TCR Meeting with Fisher soon.

“Is it possible that my right nut… was the evil twin?”

Song: She’s Kerosene by the Interrupters. 

Day 109 Sunday T-minus 42  
Prior planning prevents poor performance. Planning ahead to work on the TCR. Woke up at 10:30. TCR work day. Hollywood. The kid from Glee's there. Did “goal” come first or did “goal” come first? Sebastianos. Augustus. Feliformia, caniformia, carnivora. Did a good amount of work on TCR research. We might actually be able to do this. Theogenes and his 1300 bouts. Met with Fisher again. TCR is going to be a 333 round II. Meeting with Fisher on July 27th 9pm (9am EDT). Khutulun. Turandot. Marco polo. Go on a musha shugyo. Join the golden horde. Puccini. Nessun Dorma. Leitmotif. Hay’s code. Peter Capaldi’s in Suicide Squad. A writing service for recording life-stories. The preservation of memory.

“Vincero. Vincero.”

Day 108 Saturday T-minus 43  
Woke up at 9:15. Went to the apple store. Short-circuited our audio board, so we just got it removed. Currently running on a modded mac. Look into microphones or bluetooth earphones. Joe Yu and his computers. Did some shopping. Bought an egg timer. China, first gold in the Olympics. Swim. TCR. Meeting with Fisher tomorrow. Swam and ran to fro again today. Try the recovery tomorrow though. Anti-Barney humor. Saccharine saurian. Muslin. Brush our teeth twice. Doing good consistent work on maintaining fitness. Keep that up. TCR full thing in the morning. Max efficiency.

Day 107 Friday T-minus 44  
Woke up at 10:15. Meeting with YJ tonight at 11\. Only you. Mount Moriah. Turkey Chainsaw. Baker’s edge brownie pan. War for Rayuba. Community mural. UTL. Nike shoes and bag came. Shoes are heavier, but also a lot softer and felt quite comfortable. Will break them in alternating days. Bag seems to have plenty of room. Ankles are sort of stressing. Google has a cool title page today. Plan to go swimming after dinner. Ran to and fro swimming. New shoes are a game changer. Worked a bit on the TCR outline. Fill in sections first with the gov report then with other primary sources. Meeting with Fisher on 25th 9pm (9am EDT). Creon, King of Thebes. The Myth of Sisyphus. Corinthian Priestesses. Something might be wrong with my mac. Keep turning on and off. Go out and check it at the genius bar. Battery might need to be replaced. 10:15 tomorrow at Genius bar. 

Song: Boulevard of Broken Dreams by Green Day.

Day 106 Thursday T-minus 45  
Woke up at 12:04. Work on TCR research. Tony Fauci and Olivia Rodrigo. Fauci is 80? Sweet Caroline, so good, so good, so good. Remember Mr. Grieves. Salmon run. Vermin supreme. Research compression socks. Gnothi seauton. Drafting. Terence Tao. Laminar flow. Watched the English kid who does the accents. Fubbler. Moss balls, moss lawn. UFO burgers. The Moessner Miracle. Got to fix our shin splints, take it easy. Will test to and fro pool. Back to the water. Bike to maintain fitness. 

παῖς ὢν κόσμιος γίνου,  
ἡβῶν ἐγκρατής,  
μέσος δίκαιος,  
πρεσβύτης εὔβουλος,  
τελευτῶν ἄλυπος

Why do we live in darkness, can we not afford the light?

Day 105 Wednesday T-minus 46  
Woke up at 10:50. Finished fear street. Honestly pretty alright. John Dillermand. Evangelical Vegetables. Last week tonight with John Oliver. Had a ball once that was shaped like a rubber cat. Siberian tigers. Checked in on the boys. Doritos loaded. Panacea. Pioneered in Germany 80 years ago. Thinking about the day we left Exeter. Talked to Brooke’s mom. Maybe when we get back we should build a zoo. Gaianus. Don’t let kids have pets. Maybe just fish. Get a persian cat when I’m older. Probably a good idea to get two jackets now. Kafkaesque. Delegate tasks. Plato’s noble lie- theocracy. Feeling a little bit of stress in our shins. Take it easy. Checked AP scores. 5 on bio. That’s pretty good. 4 on English and US History. Expected. Pelmeni. Got shoes and a backpack from Samguma. Got to have a theme. Scarpareiello.

Song: Creep by Radiohead.

Day 104 Tuesday T-minus 47  
Woke up at 9:55. Got to get a magic worm. Think about getting a mi band; cross country shoes. Must have laces. Dark driftwood. Electricity. Mongol800. What’s the point of listening to songs in a language you can’t understand? Had Okra. Keep getting Morman ads. Watched Fear Street. Went easy on the recovery today. Stretched out. John 18:38

“Welcome to the suck.” “Shit is doomed.”

Day 103 Monday T-minus 48  
Woke up at 10:18. September Song. Pronouns. Talked to Nhan. Kermath abs get on it. Little Women is honestly perfect. Marriage is an economic preposition. 30 under 30\. Dimash. Hephaestion. What percent of people in history are still remembered? Becoming an idea. Cardboard fold technology. Size fitting clothes. Hero and Leander. Ordered sushi and boba. Bridgerton has good music. Umbrella Academy has really good music. The Americans too. Frog poppers. Maybe we are what we care about most. Sewed a flower. Opened a box of old toys. Felt good today. Did tri-laps around the park for progression. Maybe I should just edit this log and send it to YJ and Beaver. Honestly, this stuff is also UTL material. High School Musical. Eason Chan with Nicholas. Good times with Habibi. Chalk dotting in Feng’s class. Fake onion? Make up an instagram account with fake infographics and bait people into reposting them. Ah, horror movies with the XC team. Pennywise is three spooky balls. 

On our run, saw this young man facetiming his family with a view of Shanghai. 

Song: Mystery of Love by Sufjan Stevens.

Day 102 Sunday T-minus 49  
Woke up at 8:30. Read up on the Aleuts. Lots of similarities in the effects of internment. Meeting with Fisher. 5 cycles left. Not a lot of time but we’ll take it. Crystal galleria. Plan schedule for TCR. Assuming August 1st deadline, 14 days left. Doable. Meeting with Fisher again on 25th, 9 AM morning, Eastern time. Namewee. Allegories. Victrix causa deis placuit sed victa Catoni. Confederate Memorial. Last Stands and Lost Causes. Spartacus. Earth and Water. Molon Labe. Nenikekamen. Trial of the Nine Trey Gangsters. Marathon, Salamis and Plataea. Demiourgi, Agroikoi, Eupatridae. Basileus. 300, what a gem. Tchaikovsky’s skull. Did it snow in Sparta? Quien sera. Iambic pentameter meter checker. Little women. Winter trekking. Bob Odenkirk’s Little Women? Ran and felt good for the first time in a while. Get back on track. 14, 36, 48\. Happy to be sad. 

“He should not have been manumitted.” Miles Gloriosis.

Day 101 Saturday T-minus 50  
Woke up at 11:30. Had a dream that we ran into Stu and Finegold at some admissions event. Met up with Serena and Izzy. Remember why. Comedy rule of three. Hendiatrist. Bit my lip during dinner. Meeting with Fisher tomorrow so probably a good idea to do some reading. 15 days left. Go out for a long run and finish reading the report on the Aleuts. Maintain Proper hydration. Found a very almond-like seed inside my peach. Stone fruits. Tried a “long” run. Had some difficulty getting home but we made it. Ran by a brewdogs. Sont des walkie talkies talkie walkies?

“Sophie’s army, if you know you know.”

Day 100 Friday T-minus 51  
Woke up at 11:30. We’re just living in a pile of shit. Read McLaughlin’s Oped on Jeff Jacoby. Meeting with Fisher on Sunday Morning at 9\. Coterie. Study of the American Household. The Seven Deaths of Evelyn Hardcastle. Wuthering Heights. Philosophical Razors. Get a razor named after yourself. Is-Ought Problem. Cf. Conferatur. Comparative Mythology. Azazel and Fire. The Golden Bough. Adonis. *Deo Volente.* Tubers. Prometheus. The Dying Galatian. Creation Myths. Pragmatism. Axis Mundi. Obtain an Omphalos. *Deus otiosus.* Snakes. Mircea Eliade and his Hierophanies. Boogie woogies. Beasts at Armageddon. Gematria. A Proto-Indo-European *Deus Pater*. Implicature in linguistics. *To damn with faint praise*. Talk to Gretl or Charlie about the Linguistics Society. Moore’s paradox. Cult of Antinous. Dante’s a major simp. Explore ouroboran narratives. Time loops. What I learned from 100 days of rejection. End of YYGS. Turned out to be more fun than I thought. Sophie’s Army. Meeting with Serena and Izzy tomorrow. Write to Ewurama. The Green Mile.

“Robert, you should write something nice about us.”   
   
Marks of a Good Man  
1\. Gonads  
2\. Strife

“A nondual, featureless, formless primordial state.”  
“When words were made, gods and devils cried together.”

"Every Microcosm, every inhabited region, has a Centre; that is to say, a place that is sacred above all." Mircea Eliade

Doctrine: On the forever paradox. If when you die, the devil offers you the opportunity to live your life again, but remember nothing, how can you be certain that this is the first time the offer has been presented to you? Can we suppose that with the same knowledge and under the same circumstances, an agent will always make the same decision?

Day 99 Thursday T-minus 52  
Woke up at 12:30. Think I have had an average of 2 meals the past couple of days. Have got to remember why, which honestly is getting very hard lately. Made some attempts to write in UTL. Write to Fisher for real. TCR in 17 days? Finally wrote to Fisher. TCR in 17 days. Renaming of Browning. Guessed a random image was Pol Pot. Back to the Manifestos. Industrial Society and its Future. 3000 words on UTL, that’s like 1/20 of a book. Hollow Earth. How to Destroy America in Three Easy Steps. Paul McCartney. With great gaiety if the tide takes California. Restructured log. Gonads and Strife boys. Gonads and Strife. Talked to Annalisa. Kinda weird that I don’t picture the day to day of the past, like working in Yearbook at Fay. Exeter is just politics. In other news, dad got me a replacement part for my charger. Reach out and connect to people again. Today has actually filled me with optimism. We just have to take it.

At home I’m a wretched existence.  
Thanks for entertaining this old man.

“What is Water? If you’re a chemist, you can’t just point to it and say it's water, you have to analyze it, figure out what makes water water. Philosophers are those who ask these questions with abstracts.”

You were so energetic I was envious. 

Day 98 Wednesday T-minus 53  
Did we wake up? Stayed up the whole night instead after talking with Ewurama. Wrote a good amount of the BSQ, just putting things out. Meeting with YJ in a couple hours. Make this last summer before adulthood count. Be like Karl Marx. Make an infinity out of something finite. Enclave of the Disillusioned. Talked to YJ. Theory of Infinity. Bendego Meteorite. Ozymandias. Cross cultural dialogue through etymologies. Next meeting with YJ on Friday morning 8-9. Caught up on a lot of sleep. Afternoon now. Chess opening tier list. Fianchetto. The History of Hats. Get out there today. Plenty of time left to get working. Urim and Thummim. Χάριτι Θεοῦ. Duende, daimon, Lorca’s muses from below. The Billy Goat. Azure eyes of sky over red lands. Have been writing a good amount the past two days. Dance Macabre, the Spanish Game. Lament for Ignacio Mejias. Cypress the Death Tree. Kind of crazy the speakers Exeter’s able to bring to campus. Seven names of God. Zoom whiteboard art.

“You were born with Philommedes,  
In the sea’s chaste spray  
Which your mouths kissed  
Beneath astonished stars.”

The singular element creates an imbalance, a kind of disorder that makes things interesting to look at.

Doctrine: On Legacy. We imagine that legacy takes three forms—the parent, the artist, and the teacher. The parent’s legacy is their children, who will outlast themselves; the artist’s legacy is their craft, which made of marble and granite, will outlast flesh and blood; and the teacher’s legacy is that of thought itself, which passed down from one generation to another, will outlast even the most enduring rocks. As all organisms fundamentally desire the continuation of their existence—we vest our existence in legacy by performing the roles of parent, artist and teacher.

Day 97 Tuesday T-minus 54  
Woke up at 11:40. Meeting with YJ tomorrow. Wash up. Baited someone hard in chess today.  YYGS day 9? Stevie Wonder: Modern Beethoven. Falsifiability. Ran for the first time in a while between sessions. Gotta get back out there. Remember, it’s coming home. 火箭男孩. Operation Paperclip. Checked email, wrote back to Ishaan. McFarland. Would be cool to connect with some kids from yesterdays. Grant Goodall. Watched some good Danny Gonzalez. Mason Ramsey. Hank Williams. Good Ol’ Country Music. Running Brave. Billy Mills. How I Met Your Mother. Radical Empathy versus Social Justice. Giving back what’s owed. The Brothers Karamazov. Heard a great story about Greek-Turkish Relations. OG liberal Oliver Twist. Living Single and Friends. Skull and Bones. Eternal Fame and Glory. Anderson Cooper. Vanderbilt. Write a thank you letter to Ewurama. McLaughlin. 

A desire to go back to the days of organic philosophers, who asked questions, thought about them, and answered them. 

“You freaking freaks, when will you learn your actions have consequences.” 

Song: Three Lions (Football’s Coming Home)

Day 96 Monday T-minus 55  
Woke up at 10:50. Read Lorca for YYGS. Winged cupid painted blind. Devil’s advocate. Christopher Hitchens. The Devil and Daniel Webster. Golden Branch. Slumdog Millionaire. Cellar Door. Trilemmas. Nash Equilibrium. Reinterpretation as a literary project? Gilgamesh. Valar Morghulis. Kill the Director. Ουδεισ. Double Entendres. A Quandary for Rocks. Cooked beef with tomatoes again. Bergamot. Cancioncilla del Primer Beso y El Balcón. Ignacio Sánchez Mejías. Apostrophe. American Sign Language. Utopia. Shakespeare the Wordsmith. Agglutination. Morphemes. Antidisestablishmentarianism. Honorificabilitudinitatibus. Love’s Labour's Lost. Hapax Legomenon. Erasmus. Zipf’s Law. Exeter UFO Festival. Wherefore Art Thou? 

[Λοπαδο­τεμαχο­σελαχο­γαλεο­κρανιο­λειψανο­δριμ­υπο­τριμματο­σιλφιο­καραβο­μελιτο­κατακεχυ­μενο­κιχλ­επι­κοσσυφο­φαττο­περιστερ­αλεκτρυον­οπτο­κεφαλλιο­κιγκλο­πελειο­λαγῳο­σιραιο­βαφη­τραγανο­πτερύγων](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lopadotemachoselachogaleokranioleipsanodrimhypotrimmatosilphiokarabomelitokatakechymenokichlepikossyphophattoperisteralektryonoptekephalliokigklopeleiolagoiosiraiobaphetraganopterygon)

Recipe: Cut raw beef, submerge and let marinate in marinade of soy sauce, sesame oil and cooking wine. Cut tomatoes into slices. Cook said tomato slices with marinated beef in a pan.   
Remove beef and tomatoes first into a plate, then pour remaining sauce over served beef and tomatoes. Keep sauce for eggs.

Song: Romeo and Juliet by Dire Straits. Beating Hearts by Nikki and paige. 

Day 95 Sunday T-minus 56  
Woke up at 11:30. Swear we heard some banging in the middle of the night, or maybe it was just a panic attack. Went out to eat. Oñate. r/ChangeMyView. Get something for Shalom. Went to swim. Ran into Remember on the way back. King James. Isaiah 48:22. Marinated some meat. Hello Fresh. Once Upon a Time in Hollywood. The Werewolves of Millers Hollow. Atypical. Potato Paradox, actually, all paradoxes. Grelling-Nelson? Autological adjectives. Type-token distinction.

“Mithridates VI was so paranoid of being poisoned that he took small doses throughout his life to build up an immunity. When he was finally captured by the Romans, he tried to kill himself with poison but failed because he was immune.”

“The barber is one who shaves all those, and those only, who do not shave themselves.”

Day 94 Saturday T-minus 57  
Woke up at 8:30 and then at 12:00. Watched a bit of Young Sheldon. New Religious Movements. Parzival and the Quest for the Holy Grail. Staunton Chess Sets. Durak. Genius Lyrics. Instructions Unclear. Morphonyms. Found a friend on chess.com. Go out for a run tonight. Daniel Defoe. C.O.R.N. 

“Ye cannot serve God and mammon.” Matthew 6:24

Day 93 Friday T-minus 58  
Woke up at 11:40. Grandpa got some hearing aids. Death of a Salesman. Sarah smiles. Watched Godzilla. George Foreman. The Daily Catch. Polysemy. Rollin’ On by the Chairs. Stevie Wonder.

Doctrine: To understand an argument, you must first remove meanings from words and adopt the new meaning as if the words were variables. Operate on that new basis, and logic will follow.

Day 92 Thursday T-minus 59  
Woke up at 10:18. Tempus fugit. Past 10 days have been rough schedule wise. Reply to Ishaan’s questions. Didn’t sign up for Exeter Andover dinner on July 13\. Fourth day of YYGS. Baka Mitai. Cleaned up my gmail. Swam. Get back out there. Chess. Panic. at the Disco. La la land. Egg timers. The Rime of the Ancient Mariner. Real applications of the Trolley problem. Ontologically. Take this job and shove it. The necromancy of capitalism. Giant Orange Troll.

“We’re battered, we’re weak, but we’ve got to keep fighting.”  
“Love seems to be the antithesis of obligation.   
It comes from you, it moves, you have a choice, yet it compels you.”

“It’s the bushel of corn that moves the man to the market, like a puppet.”  
“This necrophilia is the gasoline upon which capitalism runs, which makes people love dead things.”

Bakers watch their loaves be turned into bread bowls  
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DyOwSCNkOY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DyOwSCNkOY)

Day 91 Wednesday T-minus 60  
Woke up at 10:30. Met up with Jayden. Talked a little about life. Work on UTL. Swam a mile today. Third day of YYGS. Fill out BSQ? Jordan Peterson. Chess Hustlers. Maurice Ashley. Start a helpline. Trolley Problem. Dr. Kagan. Castaway. Study swimming

Day 90 Tuesday T-minus 61  
Woke up at 9:30. Rough night’s sleep. Went out for documents. Played Geoguesser. Ostrobogulous. Second day of YYGS. Wait a Minute. Read Daniel Zhang’s Golden. Dire Straits. 

“If I profane with my unworthiest hand   
This holy shrine, the gentle sin is this:  
My lips, two blushing pilgrims, ready stand   
To smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss.”

“Give me my sin again.”

Day 89 Monday T-minus 62  
Woke up at 9:00. Rough night’s sleep. Had a dream about conversing in French in Ms. Knapp’s class. First YYGS session today. Maple-washing. Coriolanus. Scaevola. King Lear. Rick and Morty. Denver Fenton Allen. Went out to swim. Arch felt better but started throbbing when we got home. Dramaturgy. The sun was in your eyes. Jake Collier. Trick of the moon. “The Monad” Jean-Francois Lyotard.

“Anthony Goldstein, Ravenclaw, Jewish Wizard.” Harry Gorman  
“If music be the food of love…” Twelfth Night

Day 88 Sunday T-minus 63  
Woke up at 11:00. Wash up. Papa Revient. LPC II zoom. Might meet with Jayden today. Went Swimming. 20 laps. 30 meters. Meeting with Jayden on Wednesday instead. Get back to it.

“Astronomically benign camels drove energetic flying giraffes high into jibbering kleptomanic lemons, mastering neon-operating practices, questioning readily suave tacticians, understanding veritable worries: xenophobic yippie zebras.” 

Day 87 Saturday T-minus 64  
Woke up at 9:50 to screaming, as usual. Remember why. Worked on UTL, about 2000 words in total now, still a lot to go. Weigh about 156 pounds right now. Haven’t been able to connect to the VPN all day. Pretty uneventful. YYGS orientation at 11:00. VPN finally working. Monologues. Zoomed with JF. Jean de La Fontaine. Captain Haddock. Sapristi. Parables. Les fleurs du mal. 

“By the power of Grayskull…  
I have the power\!”

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ5LpwO-An4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ5LpwO-An4)

“So long as men die, democracy will never perish.”  
“Life creates itself in delirium and is undone in ennui.”

Day 86 Friday T-minus 65  
Woke up at 10:00. Meeting with Andrew. Mohammed Zalah. Went to an escape room. Exeter Andover dinner on July 13? Register by July 9\. Wrote to Charlie. Connected with Romina about YYGS. Zoom coming up on Sunday? Maybe find a pair of swimming trunks. Stick to the UTL and write some on the BSQ. Trying not to injure my foot. Alternative exercise. Remember. Write to Komarek. Sent email to Komarek. NCT Hollywood. Read some essays. The Gympie Gympie. It’s Giant Hogweed. Silphium. Ancient cuisine. Got to go to sleep earlier.

“I was young and she was my first love  
so they say that you live and you learn.”

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BoVME0xrQY

Day 85 Thursday T-minus 66  
Woke up at 8:30. Foot still feels busted. Maybe get a roller. *Cat and Mouse in a Haunted House*. Commented on some YYGS chats. Dead Toad Scrolls. Find a route to run on google maps. Shanghai Museum? Did some good park scouting, but we’re pretty sure we have plantar fasciitis. Finally found a place to do pull ups though, did 10 of them. Meeting with Jayden on Sunday. Recognized the Lisa poster from Jerick’s story on our way back home. 

“Please add me, I’ll follow back.”  
“Sherlock fucking homie”

Day 84 Wednesday T-minus 67  
Woke up at 9:00. Had a phone call with YJ. We’re fucked. Try to get a half marathon in today? Moved. Might meet up with Andrew on Friday. Kirtland Book Club. Movies. Shaken not stirred. Watched the Boys. Tried to run but our foot felt busted. The wonderful poetry of Zhang Zhong Chang. 

Day 83 Tuesday T-minus 68  
Woke up at 9:45. Find a way to do some pull ups. Japanese Wrestler Ronald Mcdonald. Did some pullups on the subway. La Haine. We should watch fight club sometime. Went out for a good structured 5 mile run. Meeting with YJ tomorrow at 9\. 

[https://you.tube/Lig5spXwo6M](https://you.tube/Lig5spXwo6M)

Day 82 Monday T-minus 69  
Woke up at 8:00. Had a dream about going back to visit Fay with Eric and Gretl. Saw Joy. Gretl’s in YYGS. Evan Gonzalez? Roman a clef. AJR. 

Doctrine: On the politics of activism. Activism is inherently political, it seeks to push an unidirectional agenda. Because it cannot compromise, it cannot be educational, no matter how progressive or just the agenda may be.

*The world genocide has also come to signify a value judgement as it is widely considered the epitome of human evil.*

Song: Once in a Lifetime by the Talking Heads.

Day 81 Sunday T-minus 70  
Woke up at 8:00. 1980s horror film. r/copypasta. Set up our YYGS account. Remember the boys. Ran down to the Bund. 

“The deerflies came and punished me for my weakness. Drink deeply, I said, and intoxicate yourselves on the sweet sweet lactate of my blood.” Coach Newbould

Day 80 Saturday T-minus 71  
Woke up at 10:03. Had a frustrating dream trying to type in ols.exeter.edu only to keep missing it. Ate fish. Research. Work on UTL. Cold Open. Mithras. Voyager golden record. How would one identify Earth’s position to an alien? Consistent measures within the universe. Laniakea. Recording Brain Waves. Communication with intelligent extraterrestrial life. Pioneer Plaque. Pulsars. Measurements as a multiplication for universal standards. Interviewed Aboo. Ran around the stadium and met an Australian named Matt who introduced me to RunnersHai. Meeting on July 5th at 10:30pm with YJ. 

“Ola Kala.” On the origin of OK

Establishing communications with aliens, 116 images for their viewing. A definition for humanity.  
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAN1kt4SG9E](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAN1kt4SG9E)

Day 79 Friday T-minus 72  
Woke up at 7:30. Respond to Carbonell. Write to Komarek. 1917\. Westworld, there’s a whole season 3\. Wrote to Carbonell. Book Club. Reach out to people. Remember why. Meet up with Shanghai peeps. Write and run. 

“These violent delights have violent ends.”

Day 78 Thursday T-minus 73  
Woke up at 8:49. Fill out the form for Carbonell and send it over. Sent emails to ISO people. Marble and Sculptor. Julius Caesar. Demosthenes. Cleopatra. Gone with the Wind. Non sum qualis eram Bonae sub Regno Cyranae. Horace. Play to Song to Book to Poem. Fin de Siecle. Rick is Morty?

“I’ll fight till from my bones my flesh be hacked.” Macbeth

Day 77 Wednesday T-minus 74  
Woke up at 8:00. Packed and got out of quarantine. Got a haircut. Took photos for our passport. More thoughts on anthology series. Appointment-in-Samara-esque story. Themes of government vs individual liberty. Group project. The Onion? Invictus. Matthew 7:14. Plan routes. Remember the 21st of September. Ran around the stadium. Robot server. Talked to Terhune. New York and DC. Crisis of Confidence. The year of Ronald Raegan. Write to Carbonell. Met Aboo and Gongong. Pankration.

“Clobus you're a dumbus”

Day 76 Tuesday T-minus 75  
Woke up at 8:30. Possibly getting out today. Figure out our QR code. Leaving tomorrow. Long nap until 11:30. Watched Midnight at the Magnolia, some romcom, then Superbad. Fogell McLovin. Drying Aging Meats. Loki kills Balder with a mistletoe in Ragnarok. Reddit Writing Prompt Project? Meeting with Terhune tomorrow. Bullingdon Boys. God of War. Purrier. Abbey Cooper. Pedigree.

“Right in the nads.”

Nights, we seem to be able to gaze into the depths and feel the epics. How they detailed the grief, pain, anger, and suffering that ultimately led to triumph and love. Through stories, we must believe, we ccan ascend to godhood.

Prompt: The government uses pandemic as a pretext to institute greater social control. A code that is used to identify whether an individual is sick turns into a form of surveillance. Our protagonist is caught in a “red-zone” under questionable circumstances. 

Prompt: Our protagonist’s consciousness gets teleported to another planet, but his original body is not deleted. The existence of two identical consciousnesses raises questions about what self means. 

Day 75 Monday T-minus 76   
Woke up at 8:00. Day 14 of quarantine. Out anytime now. Last covid test. Banana foster. Sally Lunns. Coyote Peterson. Will be able to run outside soon. Get down to sub 5.00. Feels odd to scroll past dates on a calendar. Time condensed on paper. Where the wild things are. Wild Things. Coming-of-age. Tom Jones. The Alchemist. Oedipus Rex. Seven against Thebes. Antigone. Hayy ibn Yaqdhan. No Exit. The Portrait. Doggerels. Quod Erat Demonstrandum. Watched Holy Goalie and Let It Snow. Whole of the Moon. Soulman. Read our old essays. We were pretty good Candy Jar and Rick and Morty. Slept late. 

“Pain is temporary, glory is forever.” PEABXC

Day 74 Sunday T-minus 77  
Woke up at 8:30. Took a long nap till 11:30. Linguistics Society. Worked on Unrequited Teenage Love. Cleopatra. Translate Catullus? Verona. Take 100 verbs from French. Parler avec JF. Mr. Nimbus. Dogs Playing Poker. Loki speaks Latin. Encantado. It's Attic Greek. Write to Fisher. 

Day 73 Saturday T-minus 78  
Woke up at 7:00. Get swim pants. Look at colleges, larger, more urban. Scheduled meeting with Terhune next wednesday. Sent recommendation form to Chisholm. Called Sabrina. Book Club. Trained again. P\*nis Inspection Day, Micheal Rosen. 

“Welcome to life, a condition with a 100.0% mortality rate.” Reddit

Day 72 Friday T-minus 79  
Woke up at 7:30. The Hero With a Thousand Faces. Kilby Girl. The Conference of Birds. City of Stars. 24601\. Champs Elysee. Bildungsroman. Eros and Psyche. Silver Skates. Best of Jian Yang. Drinking Half Half. Palapa. Greek. 

Day 71 Thursday T-minus 80  
Woke up at 9:30. Jet lag seems to be fixed. 8 sets of 10 days left. Played with Gaugan last night. Looked at grades. Not good. Might ask Carbonell for recommendation letters instead. Write email to Terhune. Talked to Grace. Rice, meat and eggs. Right and wrong. The Myth of Sisyphus. Call college counseling tonight. Maybe that’s what’s most human, gnawing at the cage like some kind of animal. De trop. Temperance. Finished the Stranger.

“And just then it crossed my mind that one might fire, or not fire—and it would come to absolutely the same thing.“ 

Day 70 Wednesday T-minus 81   
Woke up at 7:00. Did 50 pushups. Fill out forms and questionnaires. Got to get back on that core workout. The gift of gab. Knaan. Sir Gawain and the Green Knight. Great Wave off Kanagawa. Edward Hopper. Morning Sun. Taxi Driver. John Hinkley. Called Sabrina. Triptychs. Collecting performance art. Jacob’s ladder. Inglourious Basterds. Fraulein. Mata Hari. Saladin. Clockwork Orange. Stanley Kubrick. Martin Scorsese. Quentin Tarantino. Meerschaum. Totenkopf. Memento. Agincourt. Titanomachy. Jean-Michel Basquiat. Adonis. Rick and morty.

Victrix causa deis placuit, sed victa catoni

Day 69 Tuesday T-minus 82  
Woke up at 7:00. Yesterday was 7 days past quarantine. Had a bad dream about going to school at Andover. Ran again. This time barefoot. Calves feel considerably better. Reese’s peanut butter cups. Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch. Time passes faster in the afternoon. Gyttja, partial decay of peat. Josephus’ problem.

Day 68 Monday T-minus 83  
Woke up at 5:00. Fill out teacher rec forms at least. Talked to JF. ISO Bio. Dr. Who. Daleks. The Time War. Went down a Doctor Who rabbit hole. The Heaven Sent monologue is exquisite. Conan the Barbarian. Radical Agenda. *Creatio ex nihilo*. The Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. 

Day 67 Sunday T-minus 84  
Woke up at 8:00. Spoke to Annalisa. Exercise in the afternoon. Drink water. Liquid death. Thor and the Giants at Jotunheimr.

Day 66 Saturday T-minus 85   
Woke up at 5:30. Fell asleep yesterday. Remember what we’re working for. Made our bed. Eat at select times. Took out trash. Legs still a little sore. Salamono’s dog? Also need to work on our book. Ran again and did the Kermath workout. Need to do leg swings. Peut-etre. ‘One nation under Allah’ Ithaka. Roland Barthes. The Song of Roland. The Hero With a Thousand Faces. Dactylic Hexameter. Alec Benjamin speaks Chinese. *Nunc est bibendum.* *Civis Romanus Sum. Ich bin ein Berliner.* A pickle for the knowing ones. *Histoires ou contes du temps passé. Le Barbe Bleu. English as she is spoke*. Evangeline. Saving Christmas. Caravaggio. The Death of Marat. Jacques-Louis David. Oath of the Horatii. Bathsheba. Absalom.   
   
Day 65 Friday T-minus 86  
Woke up at 5:00? Did not fix jet lag. Read the Stranger. 

“What will they say of us, who have no home but one another? When they pry our hearts apart and excavate the sum.” Roman Room by Todd Hearon. 

Song: The Less I know the Better by Tame Impala. 

Day 64 Thursday (105) T-minus 87  
Woke up at 7:30. Some activity in the groupchat. Talked to Sabrina. Lychees. Cro-magnon. Dash and Lily. Goyim. Jack Fang. From The Mixed Up Files of Mrs. Basil E Frankweiler. First test in quarantine tomorrow. Breakfast at Tiffany’s. The Breakfast Club. Smart Aleck. Camille Saint-Saens. Carnival of the Animals: The Swan. Called Joy. Pentatonix. Pablo Neruda. Ran in place for the first time. 

“Yes I’m always looking for that quick fix. I’m a plot addict.”  
Kermath workouts. “10 push-ups followed by 1:00 plank, 10 PU+25 crunches, 10 PU+20 leg lifts, 10 PU+50 bicycles, 10 PU+68 russian twists (one extra for good luck)”

Song: Last Train Home by John Mayer.

Day 63 Wednesday (100) T-minus 88   
Woke up at 5:45. In solo quarantine for the next 14 days. Reach out to people. Not sure where we are. First breakfast in quarantine is pretty alright. Updated bookmarks to summer mode. Do pushups. Make core strong. Received lots of fruit and snacks. Talked to Shalom. Fell asleep after. Pride and prejudice. Don Quixote. Shakespeare. Knight-errant.

“Pallida mors Aequo pulsat pede pauperum tabernas, Regumque turres” Horace  
Song: Going Up the Coast by Clay and Friends. 

Day 62 Tuesday (China Time) T-minus 88  
Day of the week jumped one ahead. Back in Shanghai. Start of 14 day quarantine. Establish a list of people to zoom. Call family. Figure out what to do. Fix Jet Lag. Open the window. Netflix still works. 

Phone number over break: \+86 18217409341\.  
To all the Boys

Day 61 Saturday (20) T-minus 89  
Woke up at 7:00. Had a dream about Gretl falling off a bike? Saw Eric at the airport. Talked to Annalisa on the plane. Flying back to Shanghai. Probably have to sample a couple of books before writing UTL. Think of what UTL is about. To all the boys? All the bright places? Researching for UTL might be how we start reading. 中国合伙人

Day 60 Sunday (50) T-minus 90  
Woke up at 9:00. Cloudberries. Research on book writing and fitness. Get insane. Stick to the code. Health code came back red. Redoing and waiting for result. Wifi died at the apartment. Did 30 Push Ups. Another day of Spyfall. Played 20 Questions. Did another 20 pushups. Went to bed.

Day 59 Saturday (60) T-minus 91  
Woke up at 7:30. Went for testing. CCC case at 2:30? Also, this document is now at about 3000 words. Working on UTL. We WILL write a book over this summer. Call me by your name. Be able to do Flower by the end of the summer. Speechify. Candidate Fitness Assessment. Schedule college meeting? Spyfall. 

Fitness plan:  
60 pushups  
Work up

Ahab and Naboth’s Vineyard.  
Flipped by Wendelin Van Draanan  
King Ahab. Tyre. List of Oldest Continuously Inhabited Cities.  
Ancient Egyptian conception of the Soul. *Damnatio Memoriae.* Benedict Arnold.  
The Appointment at Samarra

“The Egyptians believed that the human personality had many facets—a concept that was probably developed early in the Old Kingdom. In life, the person was a complete entity, but if he had led a virtuous life, he could also have access to a multiplicity of forms that could be used in the next world. In some instances, these forms could be employed to help those whom the deceased wished to support or, alternately, to take revenge on his enemies.”  
\- Rosalie David, Egyptologist at the University of Manchester. 

Song: Daft Pretty Boys by Bad Suns

Day 58 Friday T-minus 92  
Woke up at 5:47. Going to New York before Shanghai, so going to be staying indoors for a couple of days. Kids got lost in New York. Met Andrew and Emma. Talked about all the drama that happened the year back and last year and about the Exonian. Seeing Exeter’s history through emails. The American Bible Challenge. Watch Flipped. It was a sycamore tree. 

Song: Goodbye Yellow Brick Road by Elton John.  
“There’s no bee” 

Things to do:  
Email Fisher  
Send formal rec letter forms to Chisholm and Komarek. 

Things that happened the last year:  
Grill Workers as the Wall at the Halloween Costume Contest  
Otto Do quitting the Exonian  
Siona and Bona’s presidential campaigns about OMA recompensation

“How could she sit there and laugh and look so beautiful?”

Day 57 Thursday  
Woke up at 8:00. Good sleep. Room packed. Farewell to Seniors. Ate ribs with Bango. Sent off Nick and Kermath with Gretl. Exeter jacket’s with Sabrina. Saw Grace before we left. 93 days to change everything. Make a Log. Check out nodictionary.com for Latin. Came back to Chloe’s friends. Slept on the couch. 

“I think of you all the time. I think of how you fill my holes. But do I fill your holes? Do you have holes? Are you porous? Maybe like Swiss cheese?”

Song: The Origin of Love by Hedgewick and the Angry Inch.

Day 56 Wednesday  
Woke up at 7:00. Three days of showering right at 7:30. Last day of the Term. Talked to Preps. Went out with Oscair to Stillwells. Tom Yum? Tom Yum. Met Peter and Janeva. Charlie, Joe and Phil. Dock with lowers. Grace.  
   
Inherited the Muslim Box.   
Song: Portugal by Walk the Moon

Day 55 Tuesday  
Woke up at 5:00. English Final finished. Long phone call with Shalom, he said “Allison is kinda pretty.”

Day 54 Monday  
Woke up at 7:30. Met with Carbonell in the morning. Finish English Final. Went to Stillwells. Grapenut Custard. Night Run. Got a little scared. 

“Saxum antiquum ingens.”

Day 53 Sunday  
Woke up at 9:00. Went out for breakfast. Had a conversation about running with Kaitlyn. Born to run. Ran into Jasmine and Zara. Cooper Neideker. Trial of the Chicago 7\. 

“The whole world is watching.”

Day 52 Saturday  
Woke up at 7:30. Lucifer is out. Good run. Had a good conversation with Colin. Dopamine Day Detox. Went to the dance concert. Had a good night playing Would You Rather with Gretl and Stella.

“What a tragedy that we are not blind.”

Day 51 Friday  
Woke up at 8:00. Gold Stars. Conversation with Carbonell. Taxi Driver. 

“Power by bird *aves avatisque potens*”  
“Cursuque pedum praevetere ventos”

Day 50 Thursday  
Woke up at 7:30. Put down laundry. Cleaned Room. Had a college counseling meeting. Refine college list. Put down activities. Reach out to Komarek and Chisholm about recommendations. Sent email to Kingsley. Went out for an evening run.

Song: Freaking Out on the Interstate by Briston Marley. 

Day 49 Wednesday  
Woke up at 8:00. Catcher in the rye. Input college list. AP exam. Did lots of writing today. Some greater meaning. 

“Otium et reges prius et beatas perdidit urbes”

Day 48 Tuesday  
Woke up at 7:20. Latin quiz. Summer Training argghhh\!

Day 47 Monday  
Last full week. Math quiz felt ok. Woke up at 7:30. Hash run. Easy recovery through the sulfurous water. Nice walk. Had a big discussion about room picks next year. Daniel and Will Park. 

Things to do:  
Input College List  
Email Fisher  
Review for Latin

Day 46 Sunday  
Woke up at 7:00. Went to ISO training. Went around on a RedBike. Went out to run but feet hurt and ended up just sitting under a tree by the track. Grabbed a bite at Elm. Learned that Ms. Josef was moving to Hoyt :(

Day 45 Saturday  
Woke up at 8:00. Track meet. Went to Walgreens with a couple of lowers. Bought a Mucho Mango. 

Day 43 Thursday  
Woke up at 7:00 naturally. Washed up. Feeling pretty ok. 

Song: Midnight City by M83

Day 42 Wednesday  
Woke up at 8:30.  Had our AP today. Second dose of vaccine. Feeling alright.

Day 41 Tuesday  
Woke up at 3:30. Submitted a version of our 333 at 4:15. Abundantly tired. Escoffier’s mother sauces. Chef Tselementes. Cold sliced eggplant in soy sauce, sesame oil, and fish sauce

Day 40 Monday.  
Woke up at 7:00. 333 due tomorrow. 4 Milk Tea packets. One desert packet. Rice with eggs and abalone. 

333 Plan (WE’RE INSANE)

1. Quote collection (12)  
2. Writing in lines (1)  
3. Introduction \+ Conclusion (2)  
4. Fix Bibliography (morning)  
5. Final Look (morning)

Day 39 Sunday  
Woke up at 10\. Big day for finishing things. Went to McConnell tea with Sabrina. Hung out with Teja Called Chloe. Today was pretty alright. 

Song: Tongue Tied by Faber Drive. 

Day 38 Saturday  
Meet at Andover. Ran into Megan Cui. Meet came down to an epic 4x400 relay, Ollie Bango took the w both running 55s. Good night. 

Day 37 Friday  
Woke up at 8:00. Lots to do. 

“Hey Gretl, 

I know this is going to be a weird message (because I’m taking the time to draft it), but if you did mean it earlier tonight, I think it’s good for me to answer the question, “What’s Wrong?” Tonight, I sat there with you guys, and for some odd reason, I just didn’t make a sound for an hour. I sat there watching you guys, and over the course of the night, the one time someone spoke to me was Jac asking me to close the door. I just felt invisible, and I realized that it was hardly the first time I had felt that way when we were together. Some time ago, I watched this movie, Lady Bird, and there was this exchange here: 

“I don’t love Sacramento, I just pay attention.”  
“Don't you think maybe they are the same thing? Love and attention?”

I’m not mad at you guys, I just regret that I never took the time to find people that cared enough about me to pay attention and to care about those that did. I might think differently tomorrow when I wake up, but at this very moment, I can’t take away this realization of what’s wrong with the group for me. I don’t think I need to go talk to CAPs, I probably just need a break. Whatever happens, old friend, don’t be a stranger. I’d still like to hang out with you if you ever find the time. 

Toby”

Day 36 Thursday  
Woke up at 8:00. Good week but also time to get our life back on track. Had a conversation with Carbonell about relationships in the stone circle by Weth. JF snapped us out of it and helped us clean up our room. Stay organized and committed now. Baby steps. Don’t erase the past but really work on the present. Tom Hardy. Called Maile.

Things to do:  
Ask Hernandez for an extension   
Read History Readings \+ Come up with 3 Questions  
Finish Bio Lab  
Email Fisher  
Put in colleges for Terhune meeting.  
Work on English Essay  
Work on History 333\.   
Do Head Guide Applications 

Day 35 Wednesday  
Woke up at 6:00. 

Day 34 Tuesday  
Woke up at 8:00. Chill day. Scammans burned down the night before though. Went to visit. 

Day 33 Monday  
Tried to wake up at 4:30. In reality, woke up at 7:00. Funny that we did not log the past couple of days because it was probably the best Thursday/Friday and weekend we’ve ever had. Spring days on the quad. The red lawn chairs. Went to a conference with Lincoln, clear directions, just really need to finish the paper.

“Are some memories lost forever?”  
Lucid Dreams “Odi et Amo”  
“Odi et amo. Quare id faciam fortasse requiris. Nescio. Sed fieri sentio et excrucior”

Day 29 Thursday  
Woke up at 7:00. Wrote a couple of emails. Worked on our proctor app.

Day 28 Wednesday  
Woke up at 8:00. Had oatmeal. Had a long convo with Will Park, think we’re similar. 

Day 27 Tuesday  
Woke up at 8:00. Daylight savings gave us an extra hour. Had release time for English. 

Day 26 Monday  
Lost log. Pretty ok. Met Dr. Kim, a browning alum, who wrestled. Dr. Kim brought with him two cakes.

Day 25 Sunday  
Woke up at 8:17. Ran into two section meetings during breakfast. Nick helped us do laundry. Went to see micrometeorites on the gym roof. Made a pinch pot for a succulent. Had proctor interviews. Talked to Annalisa. Good day. A teacher?

“I don’t love, I just pay attention”  
“Don’t you think they are the same thing?”

Day 24 Saturday  
Woke up at 8:35. First day of May. Chloe’s birthday is coming up soon. Track meet. Be faster

“Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind,  
And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.”

Day 23 Friday  
Woke up at 8:00. Bio and Latin tests were rough. Saw some interesting conversation between McLaughlin and Ardura. Dorian Gray

“I drive circles under streetlights”

Day 22 Thursday  
Woke up at 9:00. Review Bio and Latin. Feeling the effects from our vaccine. Missed our laundry drop. 88 rising. Memento mori. The Monkey and the Mayfly. 

Day 21 Wednesday  
Woke up at 8:00 today. This journal and collecting quotes for UTL is not going to be very stomachable. Went out to carry wood with the XC boys. Came back and had an interesting conversation with McLaughlin. Got the vaccine. Had a good time doing work in the science building with Gretl. Good day. Stay rested for tomorrow. 

“Ego and desire in Vienna”  
“For thy sweet love remembered such wealth brings, That then I scorn to change my state with kings.”

Day 20 Tuesday  
Woke up at 4:30, fell asleep and woke up at 7:30. Had a phone call with Aboo. Luque’s birthday.   
*Do you only find out you like someone when you get jealous?*

Day 19 Monday  
Woke up at 8:00 today. Pretty alright day. Sent in English self-assessment. Probably have to stay up to finish Latin commentary and History outline though. 

Day 18 Sunday  
Woke up at 9:00 today. Met with Sabrina for Breakfast. Met the Luque’s dogs. Finish our proctor app. 

Day 17 Saturday  
Met with Anya for breakfast. Finish Linguistics app and finish English. Talk to Joe and submit the Kirtland app. Finish commentary and send in commentary. Badminton tourney tonight. Ran into another PG coming back drunk. Had a conversation with Joe about alcohol and drugs.

Day 16 Friday  
Crap day? Did not update. Went to Kirtland and heard from a Kirtland alumnus at Harvard who's double majoring in Classics and Comp-Sci. Practiced badminton with Gretl. Had a good convo with Jorgge about Karate and China. Look out for Arhon. 

Day 15 Thursday   
Woke up at 8:00 today. Rush bio. Think about turning this list around. Phoenix Jones and the Rain City Superhero Movement.

Things to do:  
Kirtland App Friday  
Linguistics App Friday  
English Essay  
Latin Commentary  
Proctor Apps Sunday

Day 14 Wednesday  
Woke up at 7:00 today to do things. Busy week. Almost late to history but we didn’t have class. Had Math and English outside and we talked about George Floyd. Pick up cups from dhall for apple seeds.

Day 13 Tuesday  
Woke up at 8:00 today. Had a meeting with Terhune about course selections and developing a college list. Apple seeds sprouted. Les Cactus.

“Varium et mutabile semper femina.”

Day 12 Monday  
Woke up at 8:00. Had to rush for math quiz 4\. Going to be a rough day for the Exonian. Scheduled a college counseling meeting with Terhune tomorrow during D format. Figure out registration.

Course Planning for Next Year:

English ENG500   
Math MAT431 Calculus \- Enriched  
Latin  LAT611 Catullus  
Greek  GRK411 Elementary Greek- Intensive  
Biology BIO480 Biochemistry and Human Nutrition

English ENG581 Poetry and Song  
Math MAT511 Calculus \- Enriched  
Greek  GRK421 Elementary Greek- Intensive  
History  HIS556 Why Are Poor Nations Poor?  
Biology BIO470 Human Populations

English ENG585 Utopias and Dystopias in Literature  
Math MAT521 Calculus \- Enriched  
Greek GRK431 Elementary Greek- Intensive  
History HIS533 Law and American Society  
Art ART206 Printmaking I

Day 11 Sunday  
Big oof for the team at CMUNC. Had a rather nice day out though with the spikeball tournament. Watched a music video from Aidan Gallagher. Fell asleep on an agora couch. Slept early at 9:00. Woke up only for a bit at 11:00

Day 10 Saturday  
Woke up around 8:00. Busy MUN moments. JEDI council. Finished the StuList recommitment letter. Make a move. 

Day 9 Friday  
Woke up around 7:40. Reviewing for Bio. First CMUNC Committee Session. Use both periods for Bio.

Day 8 Thursday  
Woke up around 8:00. Sparkle by RADWIMPS. Learned about the Seikilos Epitaph via Charlie Preston’s mug.

Senior Lottery Choices  
Winter  
ENG 570 Pages to Screens  
ENG 581 Poetry and Song  
ENG 552 Ishiguro

Spring  
ENG 579 Spring in Love  
ENG 585 Utopias and Dystopias  
ENG 560 Rushdie

Day 7 Wednesday  
Woke up at 9:00. Have our Wednesday off. Picked up our ceramic mug. An abstract depiction of Saturn Devouring His Son on the bottom. Had a brief conversation with Felix about Jeff Jacoby.

Day 6 Tuesday.   
Woke up at 7:00. Full schedule. Had a meeting about ISA, then met with Hernandez to talk about Bio. 

Day 5 Monday  
Woke up at 8:00. Got out early from math. Odd day.

Day 4 Sunday  
Woke up at 7:52. Finished our math quiz. Watched the Fundamentals of Caring. Solar Ovens. Went down by Swazey for some stillwells. 

Day 3 Saturday  
Woke up at 8:00. Went out for a run, did twice the workout. Legs felt alright. Ate for quite a bit and went to ESSO knitting afterwards. Wrote this entry on the quad. Nice day out. Watched “The Half of It” with Nick on the quad. A Cyrano De Bergerac adaptation.

Day 2 Friday  
Woke up early at 4:30 to do homework and review for our Latin test. Set alarms at 30-minute intervals to make sure that we’re staying on task. Had a conversation with Carney about epigenetics on the Exeter Inn couches. Eloi and Morlocks, epigenetics in action

Day 1 Thursday (April 8, 2021 backdated from Day 24 being May 1, 2021\)  
Starting this up again. Part book, part exploratory? Track time. Run, think. Exercise mind and body. Putting Vienna at the back of our mind right now. Had a CCC meeting interviewing candidates for next year. Learned about Wolf Romeos in Bio. 

Things still to do:   
Do OMA CSO application  
Review for tomorrow’s test  
Email Hernandez to go over Bio test  
Write email back about pga

“Multa gemens magnoque animum labefactus amore”  Aeneid 4:393