Day 77  
The ape, the hunter, and the wiseman. Capite velato. Had a dream about what Chicago means. Build ourselves up. Cruising through the LoRs today. Go brush our teeth and make breakfast. Take editing as Rec letter practice. Use cutting boards for clay. Got bereal again. Felt good. If music be the food of love. “Your days have been your sonnets.” Finished Wilde. Working with some real pathos pieces. Done with our EPVN work before noon? That’s crazy. Green leaf college consulting, maybe we’ll actually do this. Reach out to Max. Talk to Sam Chang about frutor, and Smaiyl about his business. Set up a base of operations, and let people on the scheme at UChicago. Easy bucks. Green leaf masterscript. Business as organization. Put some weight into this, definitely doable. Master of Puppets. Levitating rocks. Your leaf laden walls. The moss grows green. Messed around on LinkedIn. Updated our info. Went on a six miler on the track. Light rain. Went slow. Did some cross-legged pull-ups, then flipped a big wheel around. Felt in control. Responded to Parv’s email. Smaiyl and Sam wrote back. Hope we get to go on Career Exploration Week in a week. Updated our resume. Big career advancement day. 20 days until convention, not a lot of time. Get some eggs. Liminality. Terrified, disjointed, screaming. Found the Mongol 800 song.

“It was the summer before college.”

Song: Pleaser by Wallows. Kids by MGMT. 

LoR checklist  
PL35 **Done**  
PL19 **Done**  
PL17 **Done**

PL 07 Brainstorm **Done**  
PL17 Brainstorm **Done**

Snippet Anthology 0:  
0\. An egg. A heartbeat. Your mother was 16 when you and her together felt the weight of existence. 

Gameplan  
Wake up, toast and orange for breakfast  
Speed through LoRs  
Sculpt  
Finish Wilde
