Day 72  
Breasts and eggs. Haptics. Cooked lunch. Lemon peppered pork was parfait. Curry and roasted garlic, too. Rested on the couch for a while before we unclogged the kitchen sink. Might need a new fill valve for the upstairs bathroom. Did some good handiwork. Transcribed some of our recordings from yesterday. Looked down this log. Moon Knight. Brainstorm for PL23 and read I guess. Call Aboo. Make something out of our time here. Use google maps to look for new routes. Arabidopsis, space flower. Went down to West Rock. Felt good. Ran into a deer. Fireflies abound. Plan a long run. Rethink this summer as our last chance to do what we want. Use the neighborhood pool in the mornings. Confirm our enrollment in the New York program. 95 miles, we’ve been keeping it pretty consistent. Keep working. Dial down on the pepper, though it tasted pretty good today. Compile and tackle some of the prompts we’ve been writing down. Breasts and eggs and bread and eggs tomorrow. Ipso facto. Anchovies, sausage of the sea. Oily fish. Had cabbage with anchovies. Much prefer Sardines. Ideation. Dice and sixpence. Collective plurals. 

Gameplan:  
Do draft **Done**   
Heat up food and watch tv while we eat. **Done**  
Read **Done**  
Head out to run at 8:30. **Done**

Books in queue:  
Ancient Rome, Golden Bough.

Greece and Rome  
Fall: Iliad, Aeneid, Paradise Lost  
Winter: Aeschylus “Oresteia”, Herodotus, Livy, Tacitus, tragedies by Seneca.  
Spring: Aristophanes, Plautus, Shakespeare, Plato’s Symposium. Lucretius’ De Natura Rerum. 

Social and Political Thought  
Fall: Plato, Aristotle, Aquinas, and Machiavelli.  
Winter: Hobbes, Locke, and Rousseau.  
Spring: J.S. Mill, Tocqueville, Marx, Nietzsche, W.E.B. Du Bois, and Simone de Beauvoir.

Song: Sit Next to Me by Foster the People.

Prompt: An astronaut conducting a solo mission in space discovers that the “people” he’s been conversing with are in fact chatbots. A programmed message following the astronauts discovery tells the astronaut that although the chatbots are not people, they are distinct intelligent entities. The astronaut doubts that the chatbots are truly alive, but wrestles with the question of whether or not it matters that the chatbots are still alive. 

Meta: Looked through our log. Can clearly see the evolution of our writing and thinking now. Old entries still prove effective memory keys. To-do lists have been effective. Employ multi-layered planning now, present to near future to future. Standardized the prompt tag.
