Sufjan Stevens. Pursue eudaimonia. Had a good lunch with Sophie. Revelations. Really chilly outside today. Stupidity and badness. Going through phlexeter. Meaningful pursuits. Why are Russian books so long. Dr Zhivago. Gulag is an acronym. Anarchist’s cookbook. The Lucuma Tree. Better Call Saul. Names, names, names. Nearly made a great mistake today. Ataxia.

Doctrine: On language. Suppose a dog carried a connotation of blue. If a blue dog is a blue dog, and a red dog is a red dog (and not a blue dog). “Dog” does not carry a connotation of blue. 

I’m the man in the mirror  
Whose face draws near  
The nearer the farther  
The blind eye stares.

“Winter wind scathes the hand.”

Doctrine: From Aristotle, if one views good as happiness, moral good is to strive to preserve innocence, for a child is naturally happy and possesses an intrinsic goodness—kindness is intrinsic to a child, for a child always assumes the good of others, and gratitude is intrinsic to a child as well, for even the smallest things brings a child joy. But note well, to preserve innocence is not the same as having innocence, for innocence, by definition, is a kind of ignorance, and to be good or bad is a choice, thus only after one loses their innocence may one choose to preserve innocence in themselves and others. At its roots, the preservation of innocence is also a stoic ideal, for to preserve innocence is to resist the corrupting elements that come with age and thus a form of control in the face of that which is out of one’s control.