Day 106  
Had a conversation with JaQ about the summer before college. Make the switch from night to morning. Read Kira’s letter. Thinking about republishing the March 30 note. Charlie is Socrates in Phaedo. JaQ gave us advice about crashing. Mom and Chloe picked us up. Zoom Charlie over the summer. Visited Brown. Ran into Maya. Incan artifacts at the John Hay library. Took a picture with Caesar Augustus. Back in Hamden. Felt sad again unpacking our things. Rest up and get going. Began a new log. Cried our eyes out in the shower. Reaching a deeper understanding of Catullus 5 and 7\. A falling star. Time is a gravity. Memory is a dream. Makes sense for the classics diploma to be in Latin. Kind of ridiculous how much we’re crying. Don’t want to be a washed up senior. Plugged in our alarm. Waking up tomorrow at 6\. 106 days. Look into French. Mikey bean is our only reassurance. Mr. Langford followed back. Taking a break tonight. Call someone everyday. Jason Huang reached out. Wisdom knots and the secrets of the Dja. Felt angry leaving Exeter. Crashing’s a pretty chaotic show, on a recommendation from Jacqueline. Absorb literature—do what JaQ said. Keep listening to music. Think we found Prentiss Cumming’s copy of the Odyssey, namesake of the Book fund. Paris time is 6 hours ahead. Finis origine pendet. Will be on our own between Jun 12 and 30\. Practice living. Started ludus. Watched Stranger things.

Jac, watching you sleeping so peacefully on the long couch in the library basement, I could be there forever. If it was up to me, we would have danced all night in the moonlight, and when dawn came, asked her for another hour, then another, then another. But the day must break, and so you leave me cursing the rising sun. 

“Would you kiss me?” That little shrug, you sitting cross-legged. “I guess I would,” you said sarcastically and moved closer. Trying to remember now the feeling of your lips.
