De Profundis. Oscar Wilde. Ernest Hemingway. Fine writing is lost to unimaginative souls. Epigrams. Wikisource. Rhodes Scholar. Though “a writer should never allow himself to be turned into an institution” Jean-Paul Sartre. Nevermind, probably not going to send what I wrote last night. Looking ahead, 6 weeks left in the term. 16 days of March break. Keep doing those pushups. Keep showering. Cannot be lax if we want to win it all. Lily of the Valley. The greatest poet of them all. Dante and Beatrice. A longstanding poetic tradition of unrequited love. Symptoms of loneliness. Make sure we don’t lose out on what we have in our notes.   
Ride a beam of light across the universe. Thought a lot about writing today. Did laundry. Cooked eggs. Oliver microwave 1:00 AM. Why do people watch Gilmore Girls. Southside Chicago. Went to get Altoids. Tamales.

Snippet: Smash words into light, collide. Gleaming marble machinations in concrete ruins. The touch of a cherry blossom upon the finger of a gentle giant. Philosopher. Machine. What is beauty? What is light? This is the age beyond eternity, where the last remnants of a great race are intelligent machines. 

Doctrine: Effective horror movies defy expectation of morals, subvert what is good or evil. That which teaches us morals that align with society cannot be art because art is a rejection of society.

Doctrine: The body is the origin of language, our movements the origin of art. Good writing is carnal. Beautiful words crave to be consumed like matters of the flesh. Words are either warm or cold, and the good writer is careful not to mix the two so as not to dampen passion or muddy thought.
