Should have stayed up a bit. The Dawn. Made eggs. Creature of habit. Saul Goodman. Was a bit chilly outside. Moved to the library. Read some good pages of Stardust. Lunch now. A visit to the health center seems necessary. Flash fiction. An anthology of 50 word minisagas. Let our eyes adjust themselves to the pollen. Natsume Soseki. Immortalised the anguish monster. 囧 on the back. Song ding inscriptions. Archaic Chinese. Qieyun. Karlgren. Worked on our T-shirt project. Moved to Grill. The Assassin circle. G.O.B Arrested Development. Allergies adjusting. Community. El Tigre Chino. Will Park is Senor Chang. WPEA. The Golden Branch. Exeter’s Secret Societies. Relay for Life. Sat at the PEAN booth for a whole. Rosy glasses. Reffed fights at the Kirtland stand. Eggs. Got pied. Got locked in jail. Got our face painted. Visited Jasper and Rishi at the Health Center. Work day tomorrow. The discord blue H. Dum Vivimus Vivamus.  
   
Screen printing project  
Font left chest small print  
Back print positioned on shoulder blades.

Doctrine: On shared suffering. Worlds have been built out of sorrow. What more can be said? Pain, anguish, loss, fundamental parts of the human experience and of growing up, embracing that together here in the past few years—what can be more valuable or meaningful than that?

Doctrine: On weighing visual art against the word. Word has more permanence because the context of language is universal, whereas visual art often relies on a specific context for meaning, that is context more easily lost.