Day 94  
The colours. Do Laundry. Sweet decadence. Oscar Wilde, The Sphinx. Put our clothes in the washer. Respond to Parv. Cooked our rice for the day. Refrain from “yeah no.” Recovered the browning facebook group. Had a good exchange with Parv. Rice, seaweed and eggs. Have got to shave. Make a grocery trip. Watched *Her,* like this movie already. Golden brown fried rice. Mix with egg yolk first. Scrumptious. 3 dimensional scrolling. Is *Her* an incel film? Prosciutto and brie. Camembert. Costco tiramisu has alcohol in it. Shanghai. Art hides the artist. Grab our laundry from downstairs. Take out the trash. Alexander the Great and the Opis mutiny. Purple cloak and diadem. Smooth run out in the rain. Took out the trash. Umbrella Academy season 3 coming Wednesday. Unabomber ayo? Industrial society and its future. The Caduceus and the rod of Asclepius. Felt silly about Jacqueline.

Taxi driver  
Saving Private Ryan

Stole this format from Kevin. Here’s my tribute.

1\. Classic black square.  
2-3 Two dishes constructed in past days. Variations on rice, meat, and eggs. Burned our rice on our first try, so we added oil on the second and lowered the heat on our second try. All trial and error here.   
4\. Picture taken on a run looking down a hill. Track has been really nice. We need to move to be alive. Mighty slow still though, so looking to up mileage. 2-3 miles are not going to cut in anymore. Not pictured—went on a run with Clark.   
5\. Her. Just a beautiful film. The writing, the score, and the colours. Dressed in rose—in love. Dressed in yellow—danger/negative experience. Dressed in white—uncertainty/relationship evolving. Also the scenes with Shanghai. The lines laid in words and colour. Horribly pertinent. And of course LaMDA. Highly recommend it.  
6 Been following your suggestions from the last post. Had some brie. 

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlKJDwViNKs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlKJDwViNKs)