Day 38 **Highlight: Compiling Memories. Outro M83.**   
Blinded by the moon. Salman Rushdie knifed. Going down to New York on the 16th. Will Park sent us a picture. Think we’re going to stick with our Hum section. Approach Harkness like a game. Go through Sosc syllabi. Hum with Jarcher. It’s a new day. Toast and whipped cream. Nearing the halfway of Cosmicomics. Holy Encephalon. The Spiral’s got to take top place in cosmicomics. Goddamn Calvino. Push up. Ran into our neighbour outside. Calling dad at 9\. Being good and living beautifully. Get things planned out. Maybe not econ. Sociology. Having a bout of sadness. Locke and Key. Go back to Toki Pona. A month and 6 days. Looking good. Up our mileage and go back to pushups. Watched About Time again. Kirtland discord. 

Reading List:  
Homer, The Iliad, trans. Peter Green. UC Press, 2015\. ISBN: 9780520281431   
Vergil, The Aeneid, trans. Sarah Ruden (Yale)   
Milton, Paradise Lost. Norton Critical Edition, 2004\. ISBN: 9780393924282

Doctrine: How lonely and with trembling limbs must the first organism have been when it came from the water, cut from the currents which had once carried for it all sound and sense. We were all together once, joined together in the primordial soup of the sea. One substance.

Prompt: Two kids fall in love at a summer camp. They kiss on the last night and the boy asks the girl to marry him. She says yes. 

“Moments escape us, but memories are for us to keep”  
How would you know you’re old if not for the stubs on your cheek and the shadow in your eyes?

Meta: Compiled songs today. Didn’t realize how long summer has been on this log. Looked back at coolcat. Think we have a sick piece to put out. 

Song: Maine by Noah Kahan. Midnight City and Outro by M83.