Day 90  
Let summer days rob us away. Edward Degas. Mr. Yum’s birthday. Make a cool cat post. Get back on track. Good work with our body, but still mind and soul to save. Keep the music playing and the water cycle going. Anki time. Use to do lists again. Talked to Ming. Kept the water cycle going. r/relationship\_advice. The reg. Crashing’s quite a good show. Read some of the narratives we wrote in Lazure’s class again. What sparse dialogue can do. Search: Narrative 1, Raining, Mummies, Change. We should try writing again. Have to lean into our own style. Brush strokes. Deadend Paranormal Park. Went driving again at 4.30. Light rain. Hopped on a run on our way back. Ran by Hamden High’s graduation. Went down Hartford direction till we touched one of those bridges. Having fish tonight. Umbrella Academy. Feeling very comfee. Dioramas. Creative Beast Studio. Stardust diorama. Looked through AGON. Marathon’s 24 miles. Easy money. Train. Only one thing to learn this summer, and that’s greek. The White Buffalo in Reginald’s Painting (Umbrella Academy).

Lazure, Knapp, Woo, Woodard, Hawkins, Carbonell, Moriarty, Hearon, Myers and Desmond.

To do:  
Take out the Trash **Done**  
Clean up **Done**  
Cook rice **Done**  
Finish Wilde  
Go run **Done**

Living statues nailed to pain, do you think they once felt the sand beneath their soles? 

Mind training  
Finish Wilde. Move to Hillsdale Philosophy. Then follow the Dante course. Read Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome. Do Ludus and Agon in the meanwhile.
