Day 36  
Spent most of the morning writing. Finished On the Moon, and Time, and Infinity, and Sandglasses. A real pathos piece. Sat outside for a bit and got really hungry. Oofed and burned our congee. Figured out course registration. Crafted a schedule around lunches on the Kirtland discord. Housing coming out on Friday. Talked to Erin Choi about the Blue Chips and competitive RSOs. Check out Blueprint. Respond to Dr. Shelton from the Classics department. Took care of some agenda items. A much needed cleaning. Wiped surfaces. Had spaghetti and cream of mushroom soup. 2001: A Space Odyssey. A history of tool acquisition. The ape picked up the bone. Past visions of the future. Chicago Paleontology. Evolutionary biology. Biotechnology. Theories around the monolith. The oar on your shoulder. Of flesh and blood. *Sua sponte.* Tool-man dichotomy. Get a wooden frog for our dorm room. Shave before we leave. Leave at 1 tomorrow. Write Beginnings and Ends on the train.

RSOs  
Chicago Linguistics Society  
Chicago Shady Dealer  
College Bowl Team  
Ultimate Frisbee  
Mock Trial/ Moot Court  
Paleontology

Doctrine: On time, a gravity. Because grains of sand only move down the sandglass. Because time moves linearly always towards the end, and it is not until you near the end that you become keenly aware of time’s passage. Like with all gravities, the pull increases with proximity. 

“First time I’m crashing, so I want to make sure I’m a good guest.”

Song: Next to You by New West. Honey Hold Me by the Morningsiders.
