Phaedo. Aporic endings. Walked through the music building and the library to Elm. Banana pancakes for breakfast. Rested. Had our room checked out by Spanier. Returned our blue form. Ran into Will and Joy on the way out. Went to brunch again. Walked around with Sabrina. Made a visit to Weth. Walked down to Bancroft with Clark. Said goodbye to Chisholm in front of Webster. Figured out uber logistics. The token adult. Ubered with Jacqueline to Portsmouth. Richard, our uber driver, and something about Swiffer. Arrived in Portsmouth and navigated to Mr. Wish. Jacqueline got a matcha boba and we got a large black tiger. Sat down on a couch and talked about summer. To the rockpools somewhere in the south of France. Peyton, Maya and Clark caught up with us, then we walked around town towards the general direction of an escape room. Scallop Portsmouth. Mortals and pestles. The existence of another Lexi's created an alternate reality. Found our escape room at 4:20. Westower’s Study, the Eye of Horus. Jacqueline's best dance moves won us a five minute extension. Ubered back, listened to music with Jacqueline and fell asleep. Woke up to Dancing in the Moonlight. Ran to get changed before senior dinner. Said goodbye to Mr. McLaughlin outside of the gym. [mc2397@outlook.com](mailto:mc2397@outlook.com). Devoured two lobsters with Will Park, brains and all. Walked back to the dorm at the magic hour. Jacqueline invited us over to finish Howl’s Moving Castle. Ms. Hernandez checked us in. Downed two grape sodas. Our hands must have smelled like lobster, but how happy we were to be close to her. Markl the Prep. Went to Senior night in the gym. Signed some yearbooks. Raced Oscair through an obstacle course. Talked to Shalom. Went crazy on foosball soccer with Bradley. Came back and showered. Officially signed up for NJCL. Mom’s coming to pick things up at 1:00 tomorrow. Get breakfast with Clark at 9:00 

“Howl and your name are basically the same movie. Falling stars? Time travel?”  
A man buys a hand-shaped finger puppet at a gag shop that grows to cover his whole hand.
