Day 104  
Wednesday. Woke up and did the dishes. Made breakfast. Learning to live alone this summer. Keep the music playing. 104 days is not a lot of time. Think we can get back to reading. Sriracha and eggs. Dungeons and Dragons and Moral Panic. Driving lessons at three. Finish oedipus today. Morocco. Moon Taxi. Check how much we have left on our vanilla gift card. Should be around 35 bucks. Gouache paint. Our cool cat posts. Keep the music playing. Make a schedule today. Dopamine detox. Get anki. French indie pop. Scrapbook for things we find interesting. Summer will be an honest challenge. Between living together, managing three meals per day, and remaining on our grind. Keep end in sight. First attempt at a schedule? Cooked lunch. Move away from instant noodles when we can. Get outside. Tabletop club. Sit outside when we can. The call of the wild. Review Greek conditionals. Research how we can use Anki. Had our first driving lesson. Maintenance Required. Shifu was a bit racist. Check out r/language exchange. Reach out to people from Chicago. Fell asleep. Woke up and made dinner. Call Allen. Had a very enjoyable chat with Jacqueline. Think less. Went out for a night run. Felt really good. Summer. Booked our trip to Boston on July 2nd. Aw man Matt Jurado, what a man, glad to have learned from him. Carry it forward. Minecraft frogs. Wrote back to Kira. I save the kids. Do art. Make a big map. Did the Roman have maps? Forma Urbis. Peutinger Table. Hecataeus World Map. New Haven, Gray Matter Books. We do have a really nice copy of the Aeneid. 

A really premature draft of a letter:  
“It’s your senior year. I hope you make new friends, and fall in love.”  
P.s also let me know if you get this, kind of my first time with UPS”

Plan for today  
Set up Anki **Done**   
Read Oedipus   
Run **Good**  
Coolcat post. 

Components of Summer:  
Reading  
Running  
French 6 Hours. (Listen to Materials in French)  
Latin 2 Hours  
Greek 2 Hours  
Coolcat—stay in touch with friends. 

A day:  
Wake up at 6:00. Go downstairs and get some granola for breakfast. Grab our socks and head out for a run out the side door. Return after 4 miles. Shower. Cook eggs for breakfast. Watch stranger things during breakfast. Switch to Latin study for an hour. Break then Greek. Cook and eat lunch. Zoom friends. Study French.  Go on our run. Shower then eat dinner. Read. Go to bed.
