Gratitude. Lunch with the dorm. Mr. Rick Deckard or Mr. R. Descartes? Sociobiology in motion. Mumtaz and India, born at Midnight. The dropping of two atomic bombs. Popped off with that Oppenheimer quote. Had an awkward conversation with Sophie. Dorm lunch. The Pursuit of Happiness. Looked over Greek. We get to talk about taxes. 333 Mechanical. The humming of the void. Mr. Sandman. Napped a while in Agora after Greek. Packed some tampons. Dancing in the Moonlight. Stayed in Agora for quite a bit. Sat with Jacqueline and Maya. Played spoons with a bunch of seniors tonight in Grill. Read some 40 pages of Rushdie today? We’re popping off. Give thanks. Make our gratitude journal post. Call aboo. Made the 30,000 mark. 

The abrasive reality of human relationships hides behind the tyrannical monotony of a million “how’s your days” It makes every breath a gasp for existence. 

“Super out of the blue here,   
But I had a lot of fun packing tampons today   
Go follow this gratitude journal of mine.”

Coolcat: “To you all good humans:

For a long while, I was lost in a bad place. Many of you know this already. I’m saying it again not to worry y’all, but to express how important y’all have been to me. It is not an exaggeration when I say that the twelve of you helped me survive this past year. I am proud to say that it has changed recently—I am in a better place now. 

This positive development could’ve happened on the volleyball courts last week, or this afternoon in grill. It does not matter. What matters are the significant changes that this recent development has prompted in my thoughts, and very practically, thoughts surrounding the nature of this account. 

I would like to note here that your reading of this message right now is a very deliberate choice. The classic Greek rule of morality can be summed up by the statement: “help your friends and hurt your enemies.” When I was lost in my bad place, it was important for me, like the Greeks, to discriminate between “friend” and “enemy”. 

To roll it back a little, I didn’t have “enemies” who were out to get me, but I definitely felt that certain people had hurt me. Even for the vast majority of people who had not hurt me, differences existed between those who I had friendly interactions with and those with whom I had a deeper connection. 

Not to get too weird about it, but there was a purgatorial nature to the place I was lost in. I felt overcast by a primal instinct—a need to emphasize distinctions between “friends”, “acquaintances”, and “enemies”. It was as if the construction and maintenance of such a hierarchy was necessary to my survival. I had that in mind when I created this account as a way for me to share my thoughts with only those who I trusted most. For what it’s worth, the twelve of you made the cut. 

I’m admitting this because I’m in a better place now, and I no longer feel a need to maintain a hierarchy. I’m glad, because frankly, it was a deeply pessimistic view of human relationships. One does not need to enforce a hierarchy in order to recognize how special his closest friendships are. 

With all that said, I’m hoping to open this account up. There are so many people on this campus with whom I have meaningful interactions everyday that I have to thank. I may not know them as well and I may not be that close to them, but that should not limit my gratitude for what they share with me. I understand that now.

Know that y’all who are reading this now are the OGs, and thank you all so much for your friendship. Looking forward to growing up together with you all.”
