Went out to breakfast. Took a bus with Thompson downtown. Talked to Alex Flores about literature and Oscar Wilde. Literature as a continuum of parody upon parody. Translations of the Iliad. Cloud Gate, The Bean, Silver Sac. Revisited the art institute. Aristeia, apotheosis, Herakleos glory of Hera. American Gothic’s frame. Had a tripe torta. Machamp spotted on a food truck counter. Tribune tower. Walked across the Chicago river. Subterranean lower wacker. Visited Big Starbucks. Falling in love with this city. Bought an Arizona green tea ginseng. New Hampshire spoiled us with a lack of sales tax. Legs feeling majorly sore. Revisit the Art Institute for Van Gogh. Join A Capella. Classes starting in two days. The world is incredibly open and willing. Opened our windows for the first time. Call Aboo. Facetimed Gianluca and Amber. House meeting. Had food and played Ping Pong. Talked to Sophia Emy in the courtyard. Wet seats. Moved up to the 5th floor lounge. This Side of Paradise. Pretty criers. Shower and get ready tomorrow. Do laundry. Called Aboo. Wong tai sin. 

Doctrine: On literary evolution—the extinction of unfit literature. We choose what works of literature to read and to preserve, to transcribe. The fittest are chosen, thus the fittest survive and the unfit forgotten.

David Hockney’s Lily Pond. Normandy, 2020\.  
A memory of Roy Baek’s house, a prayer before dinner and a fluffy white dog called Momo. 

Song: A.M Radio by the Lumineers. The Cave by Mumford and Sons. New England song.
