Woke up early at 5.00. Section our time better. Get both drafts in over the weekend. Play music. Niko Omilana taking down the KKK. Stoat and ermine. Drink water. Do laundry when we get out of here. Nathan W. Schlueter at Hillsdale College. Goated. Ask for water. Shave and remain presentable. Read Calvino, then Wilde. Wilde and Shakespeare. How he paints with flowers. Umbrella academy. The Ballad of Cleopatra. Boredom hitting slightly. The dopamine detox is going to make everything seem so sweet when we get out.  Jasper came to visit. Gave J Money our lion card. Three twinkies and a lemon lime. Rejuvenated I say, rejuvenated. Claire came by. Made our coolcat post. The problematic roots of Hey Soul Sister. Books still in Mayer. Go look for them when we get out. Sushi chef Hiro. Schistosity. Time is so devious. Today has been an eternity. Heartstopper. Lad’s mad. What is with all of these British teen shows? J Money’s a big fan of invader tags. Maya, Clark and Jacqueline came by and called our name thrice. Tossed up lemonade, a muffin, two books and a turtle. A book bit our lip, so we lowered a tote bag with a rope for the lemonade. Turns out Clark’s also a big fan of Hillsdale. Genesis and Dante. Day’s been really nice. Administered our nose spray and eye drops. “Lewd laughter.” All of Kirtland showed up. Watched moon knight with Sophie. Chicago Urbs in Horto. Almaty. Lysistrata. Cantonese.

To do:  
History Paper  
The Eye  
Have dinner  
Get showered. 

Hillsdale Notes:  
Plato’s Forms. The Archetype of Chairs. Erosophy. A mirror and a triangle. A map of reality. Educare, to lead out of the cave. The aims of education.

“For us there is only one season, the season of sorrow. The very sun and moon seem taken from us. Outside, the day may be blue and gold, but the light that creeps down through the thickly-muffled glass of the small iron-barred window beneath which one sits is grey” — Oscar Wilde

Friends, you may have heard the news. I am sorry to report that I have tested positive for covid. In the narrow confines of my now abode—room 203, the pangs of solitude strike again and again at my heart. Indeed, my body, my soul, my animus all seem to reverberate a deep tune of despair. My only relief—the unending kindness of the health center staff and a most pleasing visit this morning from the one and only J Money. Long story short: please come visit me at the health center. I would love to see you all. If you stand at a stone circle and call out my name three times, I will most certainly appear.
