Day 23 **Highlight: Latin Discord.**   
Tempus fugit. Chloe’s going back to school tomorrow. The Pillars at Gobekli Tepe. Pillar 27\. Our immunization record’s going to be in the mail. Go run. A study of prehistoric religion. Venus of Willendorf. Shakespeare’s Roman Plays. Coriolanus. A Cerebral Renaissance. Get up. Stress the organism. 23 days is not a lot of days. The Bible, Genesis. Moved stuff. Took out the recycling. The luminous mind. Experiencing oneness. The Council of Frogs. Jeremy Zucker kind of night. Went out and sat on the bench for a while. Go out earlier tomorrow. Consider the Lobster and Other Essays. Keep writing. Joined a Latin discord server. We do have twenty something days to spend. Lingua Latina.

To do:  
Go out and run.

*Tu me manque*, to say that “you are missing from me” for “I miss you.”   
Our favorite words now: Genesis, Mammoth, Chrysalis.   
French, Latin, Greek, a recipe for being obnoxiously literate. 

“For the builders of Gobekli Tepe, being close enough in time to have a living memory of the great flood, sky burials would have held the utmost significance and vultures would have been the most revered life forms.” r/Sharpen\_The\_Axe

Snippet: *Vivamus et amemus.* The old poet didn’t tell us that the two are the same. That “to live'' is “to love”. Will always thank Exeter for teaching us to live beautifully, but more than that, to live.

Feeling the “look, look, we’re alive.” of an eager newborn. When did we first realize that we were in the company of those who had been living a while? Still have much to learn. Hope to find the same thing at Chicago. 

Memento: Uphold our epicurean tendencies. Defend idealism always. Never stop resisting, because meaning and order comes from denying entropy. To be alive is to be conscious.

Song: Put Your Records On by Mitt Romney. Comethru by Jeremy Zucker.