Day 41 **Highlight: Spiral Cucumber**  
Made spiral cucumber salad. We’re looking good. 40 more days to train for gigachad. Have to make ratatouille. Become a content producer. Look into a mic and a webcam. Salt Fat Acid Heat. Answered a Greek question on reddit. Felt good. Went on Chess.com. Employed a Fabian strategy. Curated our reddit feed. r/mycology. Chicken of the woods. Went out for a night run. Listened to some old bangers. Three red lights and little thoughts. Return to Good Bones. Write from 2-4 starting tomorrow. Just get words on the page. Pali e Toki Pona flashcards. Chicago Pre-reg Seminar at 1:00 on Friday. Andrew Tate making waves. Fellas, is it gay to do CPR on a man? Past couple days have been eventful. Establishing our lore. Catullus and Shelley lived and died young. To good Bithynia. Order tickets to New York. Trip in September will be a good chance to meet people.The poetic tradition. Grinded out some drafts. Felt good. 

Agenda Items:  
Drafts  
Plan out Coursework.   
Toki Pona flashcards.  
Read. Make a pile of our books.

Goals:  
Become a master of Toki Pona  
Write Good Bones  
Keep running

Meta: revisited our earliest entries. How did we live with so little in those days? Have to say that some of them make little sense. Put in some citations for quotes. Found this gem. “You sink the fish and call the birds down to earth, oh, you eclipse the moon and put all the flowers in the world to shame.” Highlights are gonna change the game.

Doctrine: On compilers. We live our lives as compilers. Compile knowledge, compile experiences. Mashing old things into new forms. What’s compiled is to be compiled. And as for us, that which remains will be the echo of that old name—Deus pater. Maker of all things. 

Coolcat: Have not done a great job of documenting this summer beyond pictures of landscapes. 

Old prompts: On the moon, and time, and infinity, and sandglasses. On beginnings, ends, Eggseter and train stations.

Unconjugated Greek:  
Express time with direction. Forward and behind.   
Uncertainty Particle (Something, To Try, Maybe)  
Do a test run with English  
Use body parts. I speak well \= I mouth good

Song: Daft Pretty Boys by Bad Suns. Pink Lemonade and Greek Tragedy by the Wombats.
