Picked up our laundry. Walked with Daniel through town. Stopped by the Squamscott. Came back and wrote a note to Jacqueline. Folded an origami crane. Beige by Yoke Lore. Met mom and Chloe and walked to breakfast. Graduated before we knew it. The sun in our eyes as we saw Holden, Joe, and Charlie in the stands. Took pictures with a good number of people. Said goodbye to Frank at Weth, and Ellen, the Chinese lunch lady. Met Jacqueline on the side entrance of Banc. Gave a proper goodbye. Took off our laurel wreath and pretended it wasn’t grad. Went back under the pretense of our uber debt, though we knew that a thousand goodbyes would not have sufficed. Packed up and went to Harry’s place at 3:00. Ran into Gav in a car. Said goodbye to Ardura. Met JaQ at Ewald, walked down Tan lane to mom’s car. Full circle moments here. (JaQ had hopped in our car when we first arrived at Exeter for ISO to show us browning) Mom drove us to Charlie’s place. Charlie’s world map and tomato-garlic-shallot spaghetti. Dasani didn’t stop us from getting knocked out by thoughts of Jacqueline. “Protecting the ever-vividness of our dream.” Very sappy stuff. Better ourselves over the summer. Going to struggle with our next coolcat post. A lot of thanks owed. We’ve definitely made a difference. Self-actualized through silence. Began our countdown: 106 days to September 20th. 100 Days: Electric Boogaloo. Night took a great turn. Lessons of gratitude. How to be an alumni. Return to Knowledge and Goodness. Going back to Connecticut tomorrow. Connected with Matt Jurado on instagram. We’re gonna dominate Chicago. 

Summer:  
Drink water  
Wake up and run  
Do push ups.  
Get back to reading.   
Figure out something with our hair.

At Charlie's House: Thinking a lot about Jacqueline and honestly feeling very sad? Don’t really want to stop thinking about her though. 

Song: Beige by Yoke Lore.