Day 82  
Suburban Wonderland. Failed our road test. Kind of an L day. Rest up and recover now. Noodles for lunch. Calling amber around 2:30. Wash our sheets. 23 days more here. Wilde. The book of Elephantis. Elagabalus. Gustave Moreau, Angel of Death. The Judgment of Formosus. The Cadaver Synod. Put down our laundry and cleaned. Resurrection. Cool cat, Two Crabs by Van Gogh. Vagabond, Musashi. Corpse Bride. Attempted Handstands. Published our coolcat post. Feeling revived. Go grocery shopping tomorrow. Honey Citron and Ginger Tea. Talked to Jesalina. Ran for our June running trophy. Heading into July. Respond to Charlie and Noah. Hearthstone, the days of Inner Fire. Dave Proctor. Dark. 

One born every dawn.  
What makes a good, no, an entertaining film? Expectation subversion. Number of plot twists.

Song: Dance Baby by Boy Pablo. With Love by Harbour.

Cool cat   
Fell off the face of the Earth for a bit here, but summer’s been really good. It was nice seeing Clark and Lara in New Haven last Sunday, and some of your suggestions from a while ago have kept us going. Been spending our time cooking, attempting handstands but also watching movies. Saw Her, Happy Gilmore, The Imitation Game, Spiderhead, Argo, Taxi Driver and Morbius (Yep). Morbius was terrible, but on the opposite side of the spectrum, Her was a really beautiful film. Had doubts going in with the premise—a lonely writer’s developing relationship with an artificial intelligence (think less black-mirror and more siri), but the film really managed to deliver something deeply human and strangely pertinent. News about LaMDA gaining sentience a few weeks ago coincided with our viewing of Her, and that may have been part of it. Really, I highly recommend you all to watch it. Hope you guys are doing ok, too.