Rough night. Eyes stopped swelling though. Take benadryl. Guess we’ll finish Stardust on our own. Then back to Oscar Wilde. Picked up our Senior Class mug. Option-G ©. Dinners coming up. Stardust. British-American Literature. Law and American Society Essay. Do a good job with the draft. Tend to the holes. Manuscript. What’s past is prologue. Went up to Abbot and got more allergy meds from Cam. Find out what they are. Zyrtec. Went to the farmers market with Maya, Lara, and Jacqueline. Ran into Thomas’ health class. Visited Eamin and Jasper at the Quarantine Unit. Running the calligraphy stand. Read Stardust in the Newsroom. Eric from Sex Education: The Next Doctor Who. Run our Ted talk over tonight. Chicago Essay Prompts. The Complete Cosmicomics. Wheel Tea on Sunday. W day. The noobs came to spectate CCC, and we had a saint in there. Even Chisholm’s question was soft. Glowing teacher comments. Pass down our knowledge. Went to the SLT. Reference humour at the Classics table. Moved to the Newsroom. Claire was just sitting in the dark. Our speaker post came out. Feeling the community. Do it justice tomorrow. Did launders. Shower and go to bed early. “Break a leg.” Fin aid came through for Chicago. Remember to do our housing form. Get a picture in. Rice meat and eggs in olive oil. Had a full meal. Take antihistamines depending on when we need them. Slow time down. Six memos for the next millennium. A psithurism.

“Wow, there’s a lot of people in here.”

Two objectives:
Greek test: Study in library and in English
Ted talk: Go rehearse right after dinner. Leave some space before. White shirt, red tie, green pants, black belt. Shedding the blazer before speech. Take antihistamines.
