Had breakfast and went to Ransome with Josselyn. Theagenes of Thasos. Home is the fragrant harbour. Crisis of Confidence. Litany against Fear. Did Laundry. We’re watching a guy watching a clip. Archive 81\. Went to dinner with Max. Had a good time. Chinese New Year. Would be a real shame if we stopped reading in Chinese. Set up an inactive account manager for Google so Chloe gets our stuff. History will absolve me. Preserve our legacy. Wish I wrote more Chinese here. 宋冬野. Kinda preposterous and sad that we’re leaving notes here and there for Chloe, but definitely worth it. Talked to dad today. Thought a lot about family with Andrew. Catullus. People symbolism. Andrew and the Muses. Erato. Talked to Annalisa, reach out to her over the weekend. 

Heart so heavy under the bright cold silver moon,   
and the music’s playing so softly to the tune of a thousand lovers.  
Anglerfish, monster of twisted love so close our skin fuse  
Paper crane, my first love would have disappeared into a billion nothings.

Doctrine: On the nature of character, there are three parts—mind, body and soul. In these three areas man’s virtue is defined. The virtue of the mind is knowledge, the virtue of the body is strength, and the virtue of the soul is kindness. And it should be said that to gain virtue is easiest in mind and hardest in soul, for a man is kind not when it is easy, but when it is hard.

To do:  
Write email to Geer **Done**

Meta: Leaving a note here to say that in this log, whatever we wrote one moment represents only what we thought then, and that we made it a rule to not go back and change things, so as to protect the integrity of our memories. And since now there’s the possibility of Chloe, you, reading, know that I’d love you to share whatever I wrote about particular people with them (only good things though, in your judgement). And also that a lot of these things might not make sense because they are fragments—very James Joyce, stream of consciousness type of thing. And I included some tags. “Doctrine” for my philosophical thoughts, many stemming from conversations with friends; “Meta” for notes on this log itself (like this paragraph); and “Prompts” for writing prompts. Events in this log should serve as a blueprint if you ever wanted to reconstruct my life. Don't waste too much of your time though. I’d love family to read this, but I am trusting you to edit out parts when you show them. Obligatory “love you” :)

Meta: Went back to the proto-log (80 days) and the proto-proto-log (Res Gestae). Only if they could see us now.
