Day 93  
Woke up and made golden fried rice.  Go to bed earlier. Keep training. Project Gigachad. Got wechat back. Call aboo tonight. Meet with Clark again at 4:00 hopefully. Fiverr. Reach out to businesses. Copywriting. We should read. Went on a great walk with Clark down to Hamden Hall. Talked about Her and Incel literature. Saw a rabbit. Clark’s a huge board game geek. Gloom haven. Our college handstand persona “ayoo” Set up our fiverr gig. Called Aboo. Waiting for our W-9 to update. “It’s a numbers game now.” just like dodgeball. The JFers. 1980s Horror Film. Bereal has been real foreal. Would not like to incur the wrath of the transatlantic telecommunications police. The three red lights in the sky above the trees. Move off Fiverr after we get our first customer. Drink water and go to bed so that we’re ready to drive tomorrow. Hidetsugu could be really fun to play. Talked to Lara. Took our Harry Potter test. Found our patronus after being relegated to the house of Slytherin.

“Hello there. My name is Toby. I am a recent high school graduate who is heading to the University of Chicago in the fall, now looking to help rising seniors find their voice in college application essays. You are making a great investment towards your future just by being here, and here’s why you might want to invest in me: **Why me?** I have a unique understanding of the situation you are in—I was in it just months ago. Like many of you, I didn't have a perfect GPA nor stellar extracurriculars, so I have to believe that my essays helped me stand out. I am painstakingly familiar with the common app, the UC application, and the Coalition application, and I want to be a pair of fresh eyes for you across any or all of these platforms. **What can I do for you?** You can expect constructive comments and actionable items that will not only polish the language of your piece (grammar, spelling, syntax) but help communicate your story in a clear and effective manner. **Reach out and discuss before you pay for any option.** I don’t have the same experience with Fiverr as I have with editing essays. I'm flexible, so reach out. We’ll figure out something together that will help you fit your goals.”