Put in our Rushdie references. Αγανερ, an excess of man. Zoos. Aesthetics over ethics. The hedonistic trolley problem. Botanical gardens. A Monster in Paris. Write our metic. Went to Oscair’s med. Transcribe our Ted talk and commit to memory this afternoon. Exonian merch? Size Medium. CCC interviews tomorrow. Tralfamadore. Put aliens in our book. “Be deprived.” Τον λοιπον βιον. Πολυπραγμασύνη. Busybodies. Retroactive etymologies. Made noodles for lunch. Found a profile pic for our LinkedIn. The future, dauntingly infinite. Went to grill. Transcribed our Ted talk in the newsroom. Barry Mehler. Ran into Jacqueline sleeping in the library basement. Read a bit more of Hocus Pocus. Sea Snails over Dogs. Someone’s not a big fan of study paws. Linguistics turnovers. The council shall review Holden’s app. Went to the Ted rehearsal, made edits. Officer Kingsley, spoons and Chicago. Had a good convo with Rev Casey, Will, and Jasper. Jesus a Healer of Soul and Body. Formative moments, of a woman’s screech at the death of her husband from choking. Talked to Will about prose and poetry, of valuing content over form. Talked to Adam about Norwegian wood, of which “floating” is the word. The question of legacy, and of memory. Fall Festival, those big turkey legs.

“The mundane interspersed by rare and fleeting moments of realization. Moments of realization that each day washes away until the day we leave this Earth.”
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
“We are not even germs, but agar for the germs” 

Meta: Just hit 100 pages on this doc. Went through and sampled the passage of time. We’ve done good things in a short time.
