Lots of love. We’ve made a legacy. Called Holden. Valar Morghulis. Ophelia, first song of 19\. Went to breakfast. Had a great talk with Richard. Riley brought our backpack to Woodlawn. Maya called. Settled down in the Reg. Show up to Jochim’s class tomorrow. Follow clubs on instagram. Walked to Harper to hustle for the Maroon. Free Tickets? Go to pitch meetings. Follow clubs on instagram. Irene. Apply to be a columnist. Ate at Bart. Took a tour of the mansueto with Sophia. Ran into Aabir and Alan by Ex Libris. Aabir bought us a large hot chocolate. Walked back to ihouse. Lured to the third floor lounge. Greeted by a bouquet of alstroemeria. Cut our cake. Chance to do things differently. Heralding tomorrow. Attended house council. Adopted the role of IM manager. Got dinner from Tiffins. Won our first game of pool with Jonas against Sergio and Devin. Ventured out into the night, got scared, and took a lyft back. Celina gifted us pringles. Sat in the hallway and moved downstairs to throw balls. Hung with Andre, Leah, Alex, Rick and Bernardo.

Boris Johnson reciting the Iliad.  
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzJQ0TcBmqU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzJQ0TcBmqU)

Memento: Life begins now. Figure out clubs we want to join. Put out our table “share your something.” Become a content producer. 

Doctrine:  
Notes from a conversation with Richard. Math as humanity’s collective development—the mapping of an abstract realm. Step by step, the most brilliant men of every generation have ventured further and further into the darkness. “Standing on the shoulders of giants” and propelled by paradigm shifts. When we develop a fundamental theory of everything, the entire abstract realm will be revealed, and its name will be divinity. Everlasting truth or transient realities?

Clubs  
Writing: Sliced Bread, Euphony, Maroon (Viewpoints), Writer’s Workshops.  
Showmanship: Mock Trial, Commedia dell’ Arte  
Interest: Classics, Paleontology, Comics, Doc Films  
Politics: Republican Club, Chicago Thinker, “Table”

Don’t specialize. Cultivate skills. Low commitment so we stay flexible. 

Song: Ophelia by the Lumineers.