Day 24 **Highlight: This is Water**  
Fell asleep last night watching studson studios. Crocodiles can gallop. Jedi mind trick: look up. White winter hymnal. Claymation. Challenge the conventions of language. A linguistic bestiary. Took a Dialect Tour of America. The Northern Cities Vowel Shift. Borat and Kazakhstan. Metempsychosis. Howl’s moving castle. Markl the Prep. The word of the day is Mammoth. The Defense Language Institute. US Military Linguists. Moths. Bombyx Mori. Micrographia. Today has felt much different. Inspired perhaps. Edit Coolcat for tomorrow. 

Contextualizing the Long Term:  
Two Books—Good Bones and Unrequited Teenage Love.  
Three Languages—French, Latin, Greek

Prompt: A projection for the future. The quirk, idiosyncrasy, and obsession of an etymologist-entomologist displayed in his collection of clay moths. The domesticated Bombyx Mori does not know how to fly. 

“The alternative is unconsciousness, the default setting, the rat race, the constant gnawing sense of having had, and lost, some infinite thing.” This is Water, David Foster Wallace.

Memento: Change our mindset about people in college. Remain open-minded and give people license to be eager, even if our interactions may not seem the most genuine. This is the time to spend lavishly and plant seeds. Social cost is self-determined—never forget what we learned from Exeter.

Writing must go through several drafts. Make a journal as we do about each course. Math will be our weak spot. Be proactive and establish connections with adults. Pack only the things we need for Chicago. We’ll naturally accumulate stuff while living there.

Song: White Winter Hymnal by the Fleet Foxes.