Day 51  
Woke up. Went down to Chinatown with Chloe and Mum. Our thoughts are coming back to us. Ideas for Good Bones. Filled out the past couple of days with the help of the convention sched. Back Bay Station. Ostrakoi. Found the name for our collection. Ask Jacqueline about the Greek thing she showed us. Middlemarch. A bashful blue. Oleander. Heading back for round two. Breasts and eggs. Arrived back in Hamden after a long bus ride. Ginger tea. Cheese tastes alcoholic. Dolabella. Kirtland Codenames. Get eggs tomorrow. Back to cooking. It’s coming home. Rise of the Penii. 

“Haven’t seen some of you in a while, I continue to be infinitely curious about what you’re up to.”  
The past is a dream, but at least it’s for us to keep.

Agenda Items: Condensed conlang. As little words as possible. Write Beginnings, Endings, Eggsxeter and Train Stations. “We pass through, we pass through. Wanderers in the darkness.”

On trains, in train stations, I have thought a lot about a sleepy new england town that I once lived in. So thanks for the drink we shared from the vending machine, thanks for bringing my bag up the stairs. Our footprints left on the marble steps, those one millimeter depressions. And so “what will they say of us” when we return to the formless, shapeless void. What did we know of Exeter before we came? *Finis Origine Pendet*. The end depends upon the beginning. But I know that I will miss Exeter endlessly.

Ostrakoi: In the field of archeology, an ostrakon is a fragment of writing on a pottery shard. From *ostrakon* we derive the word *ostracism*, for it was the medium by which the Athenians exiled their countrymen.

The Green Room: Build a place for us to live in. Do we have a right to our memories?

Good Bones: Associate every age with a noun. Blend biographical with experimental. Depict childhood amnesia abstractly. “At fifteen you’re in New York, wearing blue service shirts''  
“I’ll explain that it’s at last something, better than nothing, and really it’s everything.”  
One, triumphant “Out of the nothingness, that swirling mess, at the first instance of our existence we are tied to the earth. There is a certain gravity to our situation. For it makes this planet our home. For it binds us, but also tells us that we belong.”

Doctrine: On writing. Let us define writing as the preservation of thought against the decay of time. And let us state truth and beauty as two dimensions of writing. For a truth is information that persists through randomness, and beauty is what makes words moving and gives information a soul.
