Day 37 **Highlight: Coolcat. Connecting with Chicago People.**  
Showered and shaved. Did some more course planning. Linguistics presents interesting options. Might take ASL for the non-indo-european requisite. Double major neuroscience or psychology. Talked to Phil and got Matt’s number. Had a nice convo with Matt Turner. Reach out to people in Chicago. Tremendous changes have taken place this summer. Took out the trash. Made chicken wings. Looked through senior pictures. Pack for New York. Just bring a backpack. Hotel is 3.6 Miles from Penn station. Went out for a six miler. Breeze and hills. Felt good. Conversations with McLaughlin: Vienna and making it before 35\. *Our life is a movie.* Made our coolcat post. A Valediction Forbidding Mourning. Read John Donne. Will Park sent us an essay. We need to write. Open another doc. Spring and Fall by Gerard Manley Hopkins. Worlds of wanwood leafmeal lie. Paradise loft. 

Four words surrounding exile: Exile, exilium, *destruction*. Wretch, wrecca, *a banished person*. Planet, πλανητης, wanderer. Ostrakon, shard, banishment. 

Hard to believe sometimes that we’re living a continuous existence. Think we’re gonna go visit the museum of natural history and go look at some dinosaurs.

The soft moon’s sinuous stalactites, *stalassein,* dripping moon milk. 

The temperature of your shower that reminds you you’re cold. Close your eyes and maybe you’ll be back in that crappy first-floor bathroom in Bhaus again. 

“Have to become Terence.”  
“Twere profanation of our joys to tell the laity our love.”

Coolcat: Slight spoilers to the 23ers on here, but sometime in your senior spring, Dean Weatherspoon gives a speech about the inevitable realization that you’re going to leave Exeter. It doesn’t hit you then, but it gets you sooner or later. When it does, boy, does it hit hard. Feeling the same thing about college now. Always knew that summer was going to end, but the realization that I’m entering another stage of life is just hitting with course registration. Kinda scary if not for the company of some extremely thoughtful people going through the same thing. I miss Exeter. I hope you’re reading this at night, preferably alone and listening to some sad, sad song. Wish we had more time. So let us melt and make no noise? Guilty guilty for holding on. Excess sentimentality sponsored today by a revisit of some senior photos.

Packing List:  
Electronics (Mac, Phone, Chargers)  
2 Shirts, 2 Pants, 2 Pair of Underwear, 2 socks.  
Towel  
Documents

New York checklist  
Natural History \+ The Met. The Cloisters (Maybe)  
Run in Central Park

Song: If I Didn’t Have You by Vista Kicks.
