Woke up early at 5:00. Quick work. Handed it in. Greek test left. We’ve got a free day. Talked with Jack Breaks. Frank offered us a kind word. Warm up tonight. Think we’ll go to the beach with the girls. 6:30. Get some food before. Who do you love, Chainsmokers? Sat in the PEAN room with Jesalina. Breakfast with Josef on Thursday Did PIEs. Dorm Visit tomorrow. Grab an out of town. Grab materials from printmaking. About Time and the Time Traveller’s Wife. Orientation. Wednesday is going to be tough. Deva. Cicero 12:35 Grad rehearsal at 5\. Pageless format? Field house. Davis Lending Library. The 2020 yearbook, when we were a lower. Have to get back and charge. Prior preparation prevents poor performance. Covid, the snap, the rescrambling. Chris McArthur came by. Glizzy Gobblers. Gave our vote to Cataline. Lucas had an epic speech. Read Oedipus. National Convention. If we want to go to the beach, we should run today and take a break tomorrow. Guerilla Gardening. Went to Grad rehearsal. Picked up our blue sheet. Joined Pinoy Society for dinner, then Oscair and Shantelle. The Dinosaur movie. Went by Exeter dogs. CCC. The Olympian Ear, Io and Callisto. Bango’s the golden guzzler. Talked with Nick further. Did some work on our book maintaining a tube in the spine. Do some light jogging before heading to the beach on Thursday. Will take our phone with us. Jacqueline reached out about hanging out in the PEAN room. Senior sunset, full circle moments.

“Ná bac le mac an bhacaigh is ní bhacfaidh mac an bhacaigh leat”  
“Wisdom is knowing what needs to be done next; happiness lies in taking pleasure from doing that one thing well” Townley Chisholm. 

“Enjoy, but please be gentle.” Mr. Langford.