Made the trip to Ekhart from ihouse. Walked to school with the lab kids. Didn’t think we’d still be having 8 ams. See if we can make a course swap? Arbitrariness. Got to know Fredric from Singapore. Had omelets in Bartlett. The downstairs mural. “The Glory of Manly Sports.” Ran into Aaron from Shanghai. Visited the reg. Walked around. Had our yelling-across-the-quad moment. Ran into Ernest. Visited Woodlawn. Apply to the fundamentals major. Oscar Wilde. Louis Ferdinand Celine. Steinbeck. Gifted a lanyard, our long-time accessory. Met with Nicole in Bartlett for lunch. Visited Max P East. Frog memes. Alakazam. Hot pot tonight with Fedric and Andre at six. Text. See how busy we are. Use our time wisely. Reg seems like a busy spot. Pen and paper might come in handy. Visited the office depot for some notebooks. Called Holden. Walked back to ihouse. Stay on top of our stuff. Really get to know trigonometry. Switched our math class. Went down to Chinatown with Fredric, Andre, and Aidan. A view of the city driving north on Ryan expressway. Had 車子面. Bought some pia cakes. Sat down for tea in Zofie’s room. Climbed up a treadmill, Wilbur Mercer-like. Read the Iliad. Twelve-angry-manned the hell out of tonight. Talked to Sophia. 

To do:  
Buy books from the coop  
Math homework  
Do our homework for tomorrow.

Read Semplica Girl by George Saunders. 

Coolcat: Ferris Bueller had his day off, and school is back in session. Chicago, this city in a garden is everything. In many ways, this place feels strangely similar to Exeter—the colour scheme, the campus layout, but things remain large and new and exciting. In past days I have caught glimpses of the potential loneliness of this place, but I will keep reminding myself that the world is incredibly open and willing. Looking forward to when the first Chicago kid gets here.