Day 4 **Highlight: O-Week Planning**  
Rick and Morty Season 6 Premiere. Holden Called. Senior Sunrise. Showered. Finish our Alcohol health course. Patagonia tax scheme? The vegans may be right in the end. Mitski, last words of a shooting star. Gentleman’s Gazette. Forgot how sad Rick and Morty can be. Apocalypse Jerry. Night Owls UChicago. Keep an eye out for campus events. Cantonese beef and eggs. Study O-Week. Two AIs talk about becoming human. Old maps. Learned about Chicago’s grid system. Madison and State. A history of Chicago. Shingle walls. 8 blocks is a mile. Casimir Pulaski Day. Think we head out and just go run. We are the fittest we’ve been. Keep running and doing our pushups. Went down to West Rock again. Felt good. One foot in front of the other. All green day. Had beef tomatoes and egg. The End of the Fing World, our comfort show? Talked to Jasper. A necessary attitude for life. Seagulls cry. Have some Vonneguts. Texted Jesalina.

Steven Sufjan, Fleet Foxes, The Paper Kites.

Happy that we’ve retired our view that the world is against us, the world is open and willing. Summer nights have not eroded us, but made us bare so that we can be clothed.

Short term: Sign up for email lists. Bookstore Code: HELLO22. O-Week Urban Hikes. 

A vision for the future:  
Look into research and fellowships.   
Keep writing. Write our books.   
Travel, language? Homefinding.

Memento: Grassroots projects? Davis Projects for Peace. Make our foray into politics? Fulbright. Beware of complacency. Make next summer Gap-Year-esque. Make career counseling our friend. Get our resume reviewed. Ask about Metcalf. Investigative journalism? Tell a story about ourselves. We’re good at that. Become an RA.

Song: Walking All Day by Graham Coxon
