Day 67  
Spoke to Nick. Leaving today. We can read on the train. Gaffes. The killing of Ashli Babbit. Jellyfish and Cicadas. The amount of emails Quora sends is criminal. Published our cool cat post. Met a man named Chris on the bus who helped us out with directions. Fat, Salt, and Acid. Does “to” express purpose? We’ve grown. Wise beyond the ways of man. The colour Violet. Train stations are magical places. Conserve our battery. Moonrise Kingdom, The 400 Blows. Balzac. Boarded the Train to Boston. Did something weird to our finger. Read from Ancient Greece. Arrived at Back Bay and walked to 51 Linden St. Fun things to do with a chair. Not a lot of surfaces. Looked through Chloe’s essays. Go for a run and shower when we get back. Look for a park. From the sisyphean to the absurd. Survey the area. Went out to the Charles River. 4 in total. Find more routes. Had trouble falling asleep. Staring up at the empty walls made us sad, like dozens of had lifetimes collapsed on us. Had a late chat with Lara.

Prompt: Life, Death, Eggseter and Train Stations.

Snippet: Your classic conundrum. When the wide-eyed, four-armed, fuzzy green aliens come down and demand from you a single word to describe human existence. What would you say? I’d say “egg.” 

Meditation on a Month Alone: Feels like we’ve come out of a meditative state. The processes by which we provide energy and expel waste. Life is an exchange. Train stations, places of transition and possibility. Much like Exeter. Amorphous. Are places defined by structures or people? Eggs are self encapsulated universes.

“It’s a gratitude journal, regular journal, exclusive fan club.”

Doctrine: Writing multiplies like an organism. Writers create readers who write who create readers who write. Iterative is the form of writing; it critiques itself and parodies itself in endless ways.

Game Plan for Departure  
Go to bed at a good time **Done**  
Wake up at 8 **Done**  
Brush our teeth, drain the shower **Done**  
Take out the trash and clean the dishes **Done**  
Pick up laundry and pack everything up (Clothes, crocs, documents) **Done**   
Unplug everything and turn off the water **Done**  
Head out the door at 11 **Done**  
Take the bus to Union Station. **Done**