Day 32  
Woke up at 9:30 and ran across central park to the Museum of Natural History. Found the John Wick filming location. Caught Jasper coming out of the subway. Museum speedrun. Objects of interest: Theodore Roosevelt; Murals of the Russo-Japanese war; Jimmu; Wilderness dioramas. Yellow Edged Pygartica Moths; Blue Calamintha Bees; Okimono Netsuke Ivory Carvings; Mammoth Bone Houses. Saw a bone tool, and thought 2001 Space Odyssey. Looked at some big rocks in the gem room. Dinosaurs were sick too, especially the brontothere horns. Took a picture with a Lestodon. “Bighead”. Took the train to Manhattan Chinatown. Met with Thomas Wang and ate Xian noodles. Thomas talked about life paths and the genius of Marx. Most of us live a life of subsistence. Explored the question of legacy, and perhaps how Exeter never ends. Charlie Preston and Phil Horrigan. Reach out to Sam Farnsworth. Thomas suggested we look into crypto, biotechnology, and machine learning. Showed us his place near Astor Place. Told us to take everything people tell us with a grain of salt. Granted, he's a known cynic. Called Mikey. Took the train back to pack our things. The Church of the Holy Trinity. Park Avenue Synagogue. Empire State. Checked our housing at Moynihan Train Hall. Got a single in I-House. Prep fall begins again. The hahas and you toos. Rode the bus back home. Talked to Cory. 

Man’s first tool and house were bone.   
“To look at factories and production and think ‘Communism.’”

Doctrine: On the chart of dreams and age. From Thomas: When you are young, you dream of the world. Then you grow old until your dreams are only one step in front of you. One would hope that there is always a comfortable distance between our dreams and our reality.

Doctrine: Things we can learn from an ape-keyboard. Words to communicate needs.