Fell asleep. But in our dreams the moon was as luminous as it can be, tinted red by the flushing of her cheeks. DCIREOGNA. Good Riddance. Library’s really a cool place. “They called it the super flower blood moon.” Talked to Eric in the dorm. Our legacy. Look for people to add to Cool Cat. Look at Course selection for next year. New England Aquarium. Call Aboo. Hung out in the PEAN room. The bee movie. Psalm for a Wildbuilt came. Hung out in the PEAN room again. Bloom by the Paper Kites. A Wooden Frog. Earthcore aesthetic. C Major 7\. Unattainable Wishes. Time and Geography. Cognition as a vehicle for Past and Future. Clause of Proviso. Read a Psalm for The Wild Built. We’ll see where it goes. Went to dinner. Played quadball. A zebra striped onyx. Watched squid game with Holden. Hannafords Run. Do Laundry, Vacuum and Shower. Skeleton drawings. Audubon’s animals. Make sketches. Ran to Hannafords for groceries. Keep end in sight. Project Gigachad. Aboo called, call her back tomorrow. Made tea. Make moves, get schwifty. Get ahead on work.  

Our mind holds the past and future, while the present holds us.   
“Before the light is born”   
Delphic Maxims: At the end, be without pain. 

Coolcat: Had a great weekend. Asian carnival was a great time, and the weather’s now undeniably summer. Last Friday was long past, but please indulge me in talking a little about Ted. I was really happy to see many of you show up because that talk was really written with y’all in mind. I talked for 10 minutes, but if I was only given 10 words, I’d say this: moments escape us, but memories are for us to keep. 

The slow dripping of these next three weeks into the abyss at the bottom of the sandglass is inevitable, but I’ll be holding on to it as best I can with you all. And though ultimately we will lose, let it be known that the struggle is in our favour. Those careful can see that there are as many grains of sand packed into that span of three weeks as there are stars in the night. So here’s to our little infinity, though there are no faults in our stars.

Doctrine: On the present. If we considered appreciation to be thought, given that we cannot think about the present as it occurs, it would be impossible to appreciate the present. Thus, we must define appreciation of the present in other ways, by experience and not cognition. Only then can we live a good life, balancing the present with recalling the past and experiencing the future.