Woke up early and walked to weth. Let’s just do this. The god Abraxas. Finished Midnight's Children. Lara joined us for breakfast. It's the 1960s and you’re in love. Go talk to McConnell. Extra life. Meeting tomorrow. Haragomo Chalk. The antepenultimate Greek class. Agon funeral on Friday. Ate outside. Slime mould and Tokyo. Cellular intelligence. Buddha comics. Burden of Proof. Took a really nice nap on the library third floor. We can definitely do this. Hung out with Jacqueline, had a really good time. Went to Szech with Holden. Ran into Stephen on the way. Played Quadball with Kermath. Massive net game. Good day, went back to the library. Did our MBTI, campaigner moment. Bees and Bancroft Tea on Sunday. Our light got fixed. Went on a run. Took one lap just to gaze at the stars in wonder. The night is silent. Moving to the city, going to miss our bucolic youth. Having breakfast with Jacqueline tomorrow. Aquarium trip, though reviews are not most favourable, will love to go to Boston either way. A run and a shower, this is the good life. The Frog King. Garth Greenwell. Gustav Klimt and Egon Schiele. Phaedo and the fault in our stars. Mass shootings in the news, not sure how to reconcile that. Summer in Europe. The summer before college. Bee crown. Stay sharp and get hard over the summer. Wake up and write tomorrow. Play more quadball.

Clean flow for history paper. Work now.   
Mix Justice Harlan White and Clark together. Slap on that In conclusion.

Next to Han.  
[https://letme2022.com/](https://letme2022.com/)  
circles and circles
