Day 31 **Highlight: The Skies.**   
Showered and freshened up. A month left, get on the gigachad grind. Go get groceries today. Our misanthrope era. Made a coolcat. Think we fucked up. Need some cucumbers and fresh produce. College decor and fit? Another successful grocery trip. Skies are pretty. Go back to drinking water. Acquired the whipped cream. Sweet mandarins. Prepare a nice dinner when Mom and Chloe get back. Go to bed earlier. Mom and Chloe coming back tomorrow. Made garlic rice. Copulas in linguistics. Think we have abs? Train intensely for this next month. W summer. Physical excellence. Keep our diet the same though. Keep the water cycle going. Bodybuilding? Had a chat with Jesalina. Looked through our college apps. 

“Unlike Ozymandias, I may not be able to leave my father a statue, but I can record him and the people around me through writing. I write in the hopes that my creations will be preserved with the rest of humanity’s archives in whatever oasis of memory lies at the end of days. As the lone and level sands stretch far away, perhaps that’s the best I can hope for.”

Write a reflection of this summer. Think we planted seeds for a meaningful life. Went on a journey of adulthood. Living and traveling alone. Relying on friends. We have never been this strong, this prepared, and this connected.

To do:  
Set up Trash **Done**  
Go get groceries **Done**  
Respond to Shelton **Done**  
Resubmit proof of booster shot for NYU **Done**

“Even hell loses its novelty”

Wishlist:  
Greek D-20  
Ptolemy’s world maps  
Replica of a smilodon skull  
Ivory netsuke figure  
Light up little cottage in resin

Would you ask the moon for another hour? The thin veil of the moon, elusive as water. Falsities in false cities. Vainglory.

Coolcat: Once again, the intrepid adventurers of Exeter, NH have proved themselves worthy scholars. Among their findings this time are antique maps, shiny rocks, and of course, the rare Jasper smile. A big thank you to everyone who made the past couple of days a blast. Sayonara, gran manzana. 

Song: High Tops by Del Water Gap.
