Pick up our bottles. Ask about our light. Get the CSO event out of the way. Friday’s a no go, next Wednesday perhaps? Vacuumed our room. Chicago housing application, go for a single. Check with Mikey. Renga. Took a fat nap in the library. A book of Japanese woodblock prints. Cosmicomics arrived. Toga over tunic. Our face made it to the capitol by way of Danielle’s art installation. Exeter in full bloom. Equity dinner tonight. Met with a provider for allergy meds. Picked up cosmicomics from the post office lockers. Visited the Lamont gallery. Saw Danielle’s work in person. Zirconium Vanadium Clear. Mycelium. Names of Glazes. Hands, the tools of tools. Got covid. Grabbed a couple things in our room. Brought a couple books. Luggage password 555\. Jacqueline came to visit. Called Max to pick up some things. Lara brought our laptop. Sophie Fernandez is also here. Read for a while before our laptop came. Second go now in this limbo. Send emails to our teachers. Hoping that we get moved to the quarantine unit. We dream of lawn chairs. Set up alarms every hour for push ups. Sent emails out. Morbius. At least now we’ll definitely be able to make grad. Do college stuff. Write out a plan for each day. Dinnertime. We’ll take what we can get. Hillsdale. Talked to Senor. Curiositas. Ethics is Aesthetics. Went to bed early. 

“Hi Toby, please call the Health Center ASAP”

To do:  
Maintain separation of time and space  
Wake up and go to sleep at set times.   
Avoid the bed, work upright at our desk   
Play music.

The tri-finger: Thumb outstretched, index and middle finger raised in the shape of a K.  
We are good because we know ourselves to be bad.   
The solitude of a world on a unary numerical system, where 1 can never become 2\.  
“Look, you damned wretches, take your fill of the fair sight” 

“To bats, it’s lethal… to humans, it’s deadly… to a pig, it is fatal. To a goat, it is murderous. To a hamster, it is death dealing, To a raccoon, it is terminal. It will kill a bonobo. To a whale, a large enough dose will end it. It would cause a leopard to kick the bucket. To a donkey, it spells doom. An elephant would meet its maker. To a possum, it means Judgement Day. It would send a giraffe to its ancestors. It would take all nine of a cat’s lives.”
