Day 92  
Talked to Mikey. Driving today. Clean up when we get back. Lex the portable chair. Drove today. Driving again tomorrow at 4:30. Rest and get cleaned up. Feeling a little tired today. Grenzo, dungeon warden. Only 3:15 pm though. Went on a cleaning spree to resume living like a normal human being. Opened up the windows to let air in. 5:00 now. We’ve gotten quite fit. Keep it up. Watch a movie, then get back to Wilde. Try to zoom on Wednesday. Had boba. Watching Spiderhead now. Loving the music. The circularity of our thoughts. Inuyasha. Did some hum research on reddit. Evaluations.uchicago.edu. Lessons from plants. Get huge on reading again. Just absolutely demolish people in hum and sosc. Went down the track for a six-miler. Put our shoes on. Found the group again playing soccer. 5:00pm every other day. Sign up for hum tomorrow. Find a place to do pull ups. Run and shower to save our soul. Get a strava for reading. Bookly maybe. Explore joint degrees in our fifth year. Just read through all the humanities options again. Jean Racine. Go down and get some bread and dessert tomorrow. W-9 got approved. Published our fiverr gig. Got snapchat. Chris Suhr. Called Max Kastle, then Called Jasper on Discord. Finger goggles. Starsky and hutch. Connected with a lot of people tonight. Talked to Phil Horrigan. Bookstore girl.   
   
“Think that I need to wean myself off of you”  
“Hey Parv, really out of the blue here, but how popular are facebook groups at UChicago? Do all RSO’s usem?”

Kofi- young black guy  
Jon- older black guy  
Mauricio- friendly, smiles  
David- not that talkative  
Christian- older clean shaven dude.

Hum rankings

1. Greece and Rome  
2. Phil Per  
3. HBC  
4. World Lit  
5. Reading Cultures  
6. Media Aesthetics  
7. Poetry and the Human  
8. Language and the Human

Sosc rankings

1. Classics  
2. Religion  
3. Democracy  
4. Power  
5. Mind

Take calculus for math and try to place into intermediate Greek.

Dumb and dumber.   
“We don’t make a lot of sense, but when we do, it’s great.”
