Got to do laundry. Kieth Haring. Read Stardust. Talked to Mr. Myers about the Dawn. Draft an email. Alberto Giacometti. The Handmaid’s Tale. Take time to read. There be dragons. School starts September 20th. Stardust. Making the newsroom our spot. Join UChicago Campus Crew. Apply May 9\. Pre-orientation programs. Neil Gaiman, Coraline. An early lunch. Song that goes like—sunshine, ah ah, can’t get you out of my mind. Love Scenario. A cream soda. Squamscot beverages. Put in our laundry. Hot wings challenge. Draft email to Myers. Is everything you can think of describable? The struggle between language and meaning. Sent Max the title of our Ted talk. Memorise speech by tonight. The seven lives of lea? Collapsible wheelbarrows. Odyssey cut out cover. Woodlands poster. 50 minutes for dryer. If we can only capture the feeling of Dawn in Outro M83. Grab dinner for the ISA meeting. Run after our Ted talk. The Ouroboros. Send Myers a draft by tonight. Meeting tomorrow during E. Read coraline. Excited for the metric tomorrow. Neil Gaiman Masterclass? Ayooo. Clothbound books. Read. Press flowers. Giving permanence to thought. Read Oedipus. Should be short. Alternative plans for prom. Dreaming of taking a boat out. Set up dinner in the Hahn room with Jacqueline. Rolly chairs. Improved somewhat for our Ted talk. Get it down. Sent over a draft to Mr. Myers. Went to Grill, ran into McLaughlin and Nick. Send email for dinner next Tuesday. Leaving at 5:30 for Amesbury. Went out for a run. Did butterflies. Felt good. Cross Country Meeting on Friday. Text Claire on Saturday nights to make sure she’s ok. Ted talk, story after story. Find Chandler Pigge. Exeter connect. Rohit’s birthday tomorrow. Anguish. Eventful Wednesday. Studio night tomorrow? Might immortalize the anguish monster. 

Improve our flowchart:  
Don’t let them make promises the first time  
Small practical steps  
Remind them that they don’t want to do it