Day 99  
Came back from our driving lesson. Use our eyes better. Wash the dishes. Made some eggs for breakfast. Old Stickfingers. Finished our second drawing. Drink water. Table MTG until we get to Chicago in the fall. We need other people to be alive. Strophe. Weird ist fate. Thebes, o city of tragedy. Dog days are over, Florence and the Machine. Thrall to enthrall, to make slave. Βοωτης, the herdsmen. Woah woah woah, a tad violent Oedipus. Back to Cithaeron. Loxias, Phoebus, Apollo. Finished Oedipus. Lord of Extinction. Call Indigo at 5\. Move to the picture of Dorian Gray. Then Phaedo. Make dinner with the Rotisserie chicken. Ip Man 6\. The intersection of dragonflies and Coraline. Watched Jasper play chess on discord. They’re scared. They’re scared. Went out. Found a track at Hamden High. Do some mile trials maybe. Clone ourselves in a self-portrait. Candids. Meeting Clark tomorrow at seven. Watch out for college programming on the 15th. Cryptic turtle. Expanded Coolca. Koalemos. Phil Horrigan’s gonna be in Chicago. Called Kirtland on Discord. Played a bit of Minecraft. Spear and shield.

“Sirrah, what mak’st thou here?”  
“I love minecraft but just don’t want to live in a fake world”

Woah woah, two posts in a week? Slow down, buddyroo. But yes, it's Cool Cat here with another black square. Been doing okay lately, think we’re going to use this space to document our summer now. Spending much of the last forty eight hours with ourselves has only confirmed the fact that we need other people to be alive. Two recent developments: 1\) found a track on our run tonight—will probably do some time trials there in the future and 2\) driving has actually been really hard but we’re learning. Highlight of the day was watching Jasper play chess on the Kirtland discord. Please drop some suggestions for fun solitary activities in the comments.

Coolcat: Woah woah, two posts in two days??? Slow down. But yes, I am back again sort of with a plea for help. I am doing quite well now but I mean what I said with my last post. I am finding myself living alone for a bit and so I would appreciate the voice of other human beings. Also hoping to use this place now to document my summer. Please drop in the comments suggestions for fun solitary (or non-solitary activities)