Day 100  
Mom and Chloe heading up to Boston today. Flashcards drawing exercise. Prosaic. The thrill of the hunt. Clark’s going to be our neighbour. We’ve got to watch morbius. Mom and Chloe left for Boston. Closed our garage door. Drink water and brush our teeth. Start with a schedule. Use coolcat. Can’t seem to form coherent sentences these days. Protip: Don’t get food poisoning. MTG commander decks. Napoleon dynamite. Roko’s Basilisk. I lost the game. Keep the water cycle going. Love and Anarchy. Anki. Keep things well-oiled. Harness the age-old wisdom of a digestive tract. Dreamcore. Have time to rest but not time to waste. Sleep early tonight and go back to a schedule tomorrow. Know what we need to do. Section spaces, come downstairs to work. Scout out the freezer. Boiled water. Food cooked for dinner. Drew our first one. Make sure we don’t stain our table. What has once destroyed great kings and beautiful cities. Get bereal. Get our tasks done near the start of the day. Remember what we’re doing this for. Project Gigachad. Went on a run. Clark’s here now. Go on morning runs with you. Get good sleep before our driving lesson tomorrow. The Pale King by David Foster Wallace. Many things to do. Squid game season two. Talked to Holden briefly. Hero and Leander. Do dishes. Should still have a rotisserie chicken. Sign up for a 5k. Intern at a museum. Metcalf. What is going on with LaMDA?

We didn’t know it yet, but we have swam across that blue night many times before. Hero and Leander. 

Cook meals

Song: Next to You by John Vincent