Day 34  
Woke up at 9:50 and ran over. Met Jasper and Eamin in front of the Met. Change of plans, passed through Central Park to the Museum of Natural History. Had lamb over rice from a Halal cart. The formation of a line led to a second change of plans. Decided to head to the New York public library. Walked through Broadway and Times Square. Stopped briefly at a deli for a snack. A good day of walking, 5 miles maybe? Paid a visit to the Kinokuniya bookstore, where Jasper found his home in the anime section. Took a look at some treasures at the public library. Antique maps and butterfly diagrams. Claudius Ptolemy. Nabakov. Read from a Gutenberg Bible. Discovered the picture to text function. Sat for a bit in Bryant Park watching two guys play Petanque. Rode the train home with Eamin. Libraries are places of refuge. Reach out to people in Chicago. Our future is taking place now in emails and zoom meetings. Rachel Dewoskin. The Amazing World of Gumball. Sleepover at the museum?\!\!\! Talked to Lara. Moved to a park after the library closed. Ran into a Chicago alumnus with a hat on, works in investment banking. Knocked on the glass and just had a conversation.Was a cool moment. Got some spicy fish Banh Mi for dinner. Having lunch with Thomas Wang on Friday. Lots of interaction on the socials lately. Dickey’s sweatshirt. The Omegle Meta. Got too into Omegle.

Plan for tomorrow:  
Met+ Run?+ Natural History Museum. 

Upcoming:  
Respond to Colin Shelton  
Chicago Zoom on the 19th around noon  
Edit Pre-reg.

Places to visit in Chicago a la Penny Lou Omegle:  
Sawada  
Art Institute  
Chinatown  
Hanabusa  
Fulton Market  
Venteux

Clothed by the sea on a summer night.