Stayed up and talked to Will all night in the TV room. Felt oddly awake. Shielded Max from the horrors of the night by letting him sleep in our bed. Duncan ran with the boys at 4\. Ran into Zara, Cam, Johnny, Rodrigo, Rosen, Harry and Gianluca. Bought a Boston Creme and a Mango Pineapple Drink™. Talked to Vigneri on the way back to the dorm and caught up on sleep. Woke up three hours later and went to Ms. Josef's place. Had eggs with the old seniors before Closing Assembly. Myers spoke about room b4a (what comes before A?), and PRaw spoke about Lou Gehrig. Sweet Caroline gave a fitting end. Walked with Jacqueline, Maya, Lara and Indigo to Me and Ollies. Ran into Joy from 2020\. Played spikeball with Vincent and LeCong. Carried boxes to Bancroft before returning to more spikeball with Claire and her friends. Said goodbye to Aidan in Grill, who made us tear up. Helped Ethan move his things into Bhaus. Deposited some dorm relics: our Nixon snowglobe and the Celebration of Vulcan. Kept our Memento Mori snow globe. Ran down to the bookstore and got 50 dollars for our books. Saw Sabrina again. Made our last grill purchase on the way back: two noodles and three eggs. Saw Jason from 2020\. Met Indigo’s father by the music building. Rested, then picked up our OMA stole and a dinner gift card from Praw. Read Charlie’s med: *Comites Kirtlandii.* Nick came by BHaus to say his goodbyes from JSmith. Came back and made noodles. Watched Stranger Things and took a fat nap. Woke up dizzy. Went down to Szech, where we ate family style with Clark, Maya, Jacqueline and Lydia. Crispy Beef. Walked back to campus through a passageway of shrubbery. Lavender dyed the sky a purple. Ended up watching Howl’s Moving Castle in Jacqueline’s room. Felt very silly in a very good way. Came back to Ryan, Paco, and Ben still in the dorm. Showered, vacuumed, and did laundry. Listened to Beige by Yoke Lore. Jacqueline’s prints.

Thoughts from our overnight talk with Will:  
You can’t be in exile unless you wish to return home. The exile to Chicago. The loneliness of dying together. T CCC and Chisholm, his belief in complete agency of the individual. A true individual adhering to an alternate set of ideals. Necessary “evil”.

A description of desktop relics:   
Jacqueline’s origami piano  
Cleopatra by John William Waterhouse  
Two paper wings from puzzlehunt.   
A flower crown  
A wee bitty turtle  
Our succulent  
Bulla from Quidquid

Note to self: Do not mention Borat around Jacqueline.

Song: Gone gone gone by Phillips Phillips.
