Brush our teeth. Flower by Moby. Struggled over some latin in the morning. Get a copy of Ludus before we leave. Ataraxia. In the still of the night. The Five Satins. Get dryer sheets for our book. Book sheaths. Sapere aude. Call Shalom at eight. Hillsdale College. Soul as motion within oneself. Wisdom is knowledge about the things that don’t change? Theaetetus, the good and the wonder. The self-sufficient watchers. Aristotle. Ideals are ideal. Good as harmony? The partiality of motion and change. The question of god. Summa Contra Gentiles. Thomas Aquinas. Daylight savings. Clock’s going forward an hour tomorrow. Palm is holy wood. Structure UTL like a trilogy. UTL: A Life. “Always cold as hell when we come back home.” An anti-hero western. Would be a cool thing to put in sailors’ superstitions. Typology. Made an attempt at fixing up our book, see how it turns out. Our daily maintenance. Looks that kill. Took a shower. At least we wrote today. 

Doctrine: On goodness. If things that last are better than the things that don’t, and things that are constant are more true than the things that change, the ultimate good is everlasting. Now consider that men, the agents of goodness, are not everlasting. How then can the ultimate good exist? The ultimate good must therefore be the idea of goodness itself. For the idea of goodness, innate, shines like an eternal beacon upon the earth and guides lost souls through dark forests. 

Doctrine: On beauty. What makes beauty good? Beauty is good because it arouses in all of us an innate appreciation or happiness. But now, is goodness universal when one thing can seem beautiful to one but not the other? Or is the ultimate beauty, which appeals to all, thus universal? And is beauty more appreciated better than other forms of beauty less appreciated? Should there be more weight placed upon some evaluations of beauty than on others? Let’s even take the reverse. Is there beauty in things unimaginable, unable to be expressed, say divinity? Or even, is that the greatest beauty?

I mean it's not like we’ll ever see each other again. The short time that we knew each other will be a dream passing through the night. Days pass, and light goes to shade, in this purgatory limbo between time and space.

Caustic horizon on the dashboard.  
“It’s the END of the world,” a man yells   
from the side of the street. The sleek lamplight   
falls on a clutched bottle. The streets are empty.   
You, in a car, drive past, and the streets are empty again.   
In this forgotten place, at the end of the faraway,  
Days pass, light turns to shade,  
Between the last hour of this day and the next.  
And you, in a car, drive past.
