Day 60  
Superorganism theory. Get our Greek placement out of the way. 20s DnD revival? An eternal summer. Thor Love and Thunder looks sick. Went to the library and finished our Greek placement. Michael’s letter in Dark. That’s how you do it. Linden and Winden. One City One Story. Manchurian Mushrooms. Wellczars. House elections. Completed our health screening. SCOBIES. Symbiotic Culture of Bacteria and Yeast. The Elm City. Hutchins Goat? Added to Good Bones. A pickle for the knowing ones. The Turk. A History of Chess Computers. The Backroom. Breasts and Eggs. Adapting the reader. Investigate James Joyce. Timothy Dexter. “Call me a dreamseller.” Finally got back out there. Sneaked in 5 pull ups. Make sure not to overstress ourselves. Return to Giga Chad. Nomadland. UChi VPN. John Wick 4\.

Agenda Items:  
Greek/AGON **Done**  
EPVN Drafts  
Run **Done**

“62 Empire street” scrawled the white chalk over the black bin. You watch as the summer heat pushes down a young tree. To tell a story about a town, you must start with a street—to tell a story about a species, you must start with a cell.

Project: The Backroom. A reservoir for our thoughts when we procrastinate on writing. Pickle for the knowing ones kinda vibe. 

UTL: Think we need some maturity and distance to write well on the subject. We’ve got the bones of passion. Build around it. 

Doctrine: Suppose that humanity operates as a generational superorganism. Pressure then must be exerted upon individuals to promote collective growth. What does this pressure look like? Will it be inherent or instilled?

Song: Kansas City by the Mowgli’s

DnD Character Creation  
Human Cleric Folk Hero from Cyre  
27 point allocation: 9 Wisdom 7 Constitution 3 Strength, Intelligence, Charisma 2 Dexterity  
Write our character bio tomorrow. Stole a loaf of bread, found god in prison. Repentance.  
Hard to trust others. Motivation: to prove to ourselves that we’re a good man.
