31 Days of March. Woke up a bit late. Ran to class. Sat with Harry in the Fishbowl. Pay attention to names. Don Giovanni. Istanbul from “εις την πολιν”. Had lunch with Tommy and Harry. The Loiter Squad. Shave and get cleaned up. Finish our writing exercise. Napped and dreamt. R. Deckard or R. Descartes? Cogito ergo sum. Ran into Clark and talked to him in Grill for a little bit. Went for a run. Circled the fields and ran a test mile on the track. Did 4 in total. Felt good. Keep end in sight. Stay hydrated. Rushdie in the morning. 

Dreamt that we were running by the train tracks. On one side was tall grass, and on the other, a bridge. The train came in and the blue sky turned a dark and blaring red. It was lonely but full of hope?

Do Androids Dream Thoughts:  “What’s different about it functionally?” Max Polokov’s from Mars. Attraction between Rick and Machine? Jacob and Rachel. Infertility. The gift of a baby Joseph. Hagar in the desert. Bilhah and Hagar. “He was elated.” Papageno.

Isidore: Worshipper of Isis  
Voight Kampff: Overseer-Struggle  
Mercer: Dealer in Textile Fabrics  
Buster: A person or thing that breaks, destroys, or overpowers something.   
Eldon: The Old Servant  
Polokov: Slovak for semimetals  
Sandor: Defender of Men

To do:  
Rushdie Writing Exercise  
Do Homework During Opt  
Exercise at Night

It was the bluest sky, and the air sank around you like water. It revealed to you the weight of your loneliness, though you were not alone because you were one with the water.

Song: Istanbul (Not Constantinople) by They Might Be Giants.
