Day 101  
Woke up and did the dishes. Fell back asleep. Dreamt about excavating a cave in a city. The Connecticut Post Mall. The land of the sleeping giant. Canadian geography. Cigarettes after sex. The night we met. Bibliodome. Down the midway plaisance. Known park. Hair growing out like a crow. How did we miss it, Hey Look Ma I Made it. Eddie fell off hard. Going to Costco today. Bought a refurbished phone. Went to Costco with mom. Make good use of the meat in the freezer. Thermae Romae. To be comfortably nervous and nervously comfortable. Keep track of our wardrobe. Acquired a nice jacket and two pairs of twill pants today. Trees are not a taxonomic classification. Conversation and bacterial conjugation. The generative capabilities of conversation. Finis origine pendet. March 30th post, a thermocline to the murky depths. 

“Would be nice to hear a human voice”  
That time at Buffalo wild wings, the wings so spicy, who threw up on the backseat?

When we hugged in your room and I said “oh I wouldn’t let you go until they came knocking” and you threw your head on my shoulder and said “no, that’s embarrassing”

Coolcat: “Been feeling extremely silly this past week. Just wanted to push something out because I feel tremendously connected to you all here, and my juices have sort of run dry trying to deliver any sort of comprehensive reflection on the infinity (@wlmpark) that is Exeter. I’ve mulled over what I have wanted to say for the past couple days now, and I’ve realized that everything goes back to a single phrase—thank you; thank you to every one of you for the beautiful moments we shared and for the genuine conversations we had. It’s pretty hard to describe fully the extent that your collective words and actions have had on me, but just looking through the countless instances recorded in my journal, I am undoubtedly a product of you all. It is you guys that have solidified in me the belief that Exeter is not a place, but a people. This realization has been reassuring for me—knowing that Exeter continues to be a present through y’all means that it won’t become a past for me to dwell in. I often look to the past for my future, and I think now I’ll make reference to a post I archived here on March 30th. It’s a post that I don’t think most of you have seen because I hid it when most of you came aboard. Now that I’ve released it back to the murky depths of this account, it resembles a thermocline between a past where I was lost and a present where I am no longer. It’s the mark I look at to say “we’ve grown a lot since then.” Bringing this up because also in that post, I wrote that I was “looking forward to growing up together with you all.” I’d like to make the same declaration again, realizing fully the difficulty that the word “together” brings given the reality that I may not see some of you ever again in person. I guess I challenge the forces of time and geography. Let’s zoom, let’s call, let’s text. If star-crossed lovers be, then why not star-crossed friends?”
