Day 59  
Nominative Determinism. The logistics of moving with armor, Medievalists. Boucicault. Took a bus to Back Bay to eat.  Looking back in time through the stars. These flaming embers, the dust of a thousand dead worlds. Man and dog, endurance hunters. Names carved on the Boston Public Library. Caught a woman reading Tolkien on the bus back. Retelling upon retelling, the ever-shifting infinities of storytelling. “Begin Again” by Leonard Cohen. The story of Hallelujah. Read. Return to Knowledge and Goodness. The Human Stain. Phillip Roth. Indigenous cooling methods. Shave and get rested. Jasper coming over tomorrow. Toki Pona. Went out for a run. Stopped short. Ease up. Should probably trim our hair. Midnight rides. Moved to a place with AC. Major upgrades. Cloud Cuckooland

To do:  
EVPN drafts  
Night Run **Done**

“You give me license to be silly.”  
Prompt: Screenplay? The Pilgrimage. A boy makes a road trip up the coast of New England to his uncle’s house. 

“What do we have here?” a wicked smile sprawled over the guard’s lips as he grabbed John’s hand. “Nothing,” John grunted, but the loaf of bread in his clenched fist betrayed him. Little did John know, his petty theft would damn him to a life in prison. After multiple escape attempts, including a brief stint as a business owner and a town-mayor, he was recaptured and transferred to the Dreadhold. John was certainly no stranger to prisons, but there he learned the true meaning of hell. He fell into despair many times until, one day, a light appeared outside his cell. The light took the form of a man wrapped in cloth. What happened next was lost to a blinding flash of light, but it was unmistakable that John was spiritually transformed. Thus, when the prison break occurred, John joined a group of travelers looking to do the right thing. 

Doctrine: On the corpus. A writer’s work is his body. He adapts the reader to his quirks.
