Day 70  
Waking up made us feel sentimental. Realized last night that we’re going to miss the feeling of driving up to school. We had our car rides just as Holden Caulfield had his trains. Arhon in town for Thursday. Think we’ve hacked the congee. Everything Everywhere All At Once. Stochastic path algorithms. Went on Omegle. John Bellion’s back. Finished Everything and Called Lara at three. Went down and got our pool pass. “Ought” vs “need”. Changed our ticket to Friday. Three more days till Boston now. Went out for seven miles on a wide loop. A yellow fire hydrant. Felt good. Do a recovery tomorrow and a long run on Thursday. Caught an Andover flag in 120’s garage coming back, might go accost them. Saw two kids dancing in the car park outside. Get our EPVN drafts out of the way. See if incline pushups have done us any good. Evanston, the home of mean girls. Chicago just became a pilgrimage.

Snippet of Omegle: Met a man with a green headband and a pikachu wifebeater, who went by *the Robot God*. He told us he was born in ‘84 and got into movies in high school. This one time he and his pals smoked mushrooms before going to see Darren Aronofky’s The Fountain at an indie theater. “Man, let’s just say we were too loud,” he said, “there was this scene where they were floating out in space.” “When they went ‘Shibooya’, we just lost it.”

Coolcat: Very happy to say that our solitary state is coming to an end. Been feeling jittery, but realized that we just haven’t listened to music in a bit. Caught an Andover flag in a neighbour’s garage.

I must have written this a thousand times before in a thousand ways, but I’m writing now and the cars on the street are howling like dogs.

Prompt: A man dreams of alternative realities where every reality ends with him on a bed dreaming of another reality. The narration of the last reality is cut short as the man falls asleep.