Day 25 **Highlight: Pale Blue Dot**  
Feeling a block recently, make days more substantive. Meeting Parv in an hour. Caught up on the history of Chicago. Parv was unfortunately an L. Think we just need to get to Chicago. Life with no academy woods? Daunting. Mossariums. Thunderstorms again. Investigated the Chicago Maroon. Have to add-drop our 8 am math session. Cat bus? We’ll need to watch more Studio Ghiblis. Fell asleep and had a long dream. Revelation upon a dream. Aaron Swartz. Carl Sagan’s *Pale Blue Dot.* The Great Dreamers. Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. Keep the water cycle going and the music playing. Shave and Reset. David Foster Wallace. Ivory tusk bookends. The Wonder Books, University of Knowledge Incorporated. Las Vegas Auctions. Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra. Communicating only through references. Late night Discord.  Phillips Exeter history. Cartography. The University of Chicago Map Collection. 

[Exeter 1956](https://archive.org/details/storyphillip00will/page/n1/mode/2up?view=theater) 

Our little steps forward:  
Wake up early by 9  
Go take a walk midday  
Do push ups  
Start packing for college  
Figure out our clothes

“Kind of nervous about starting college.”  
Vulnerability. Use what we’ve learned.

Memento: We need to fight to make a future, and now is when that fight begins. Keep this in mind as we go to college. Find like-minded people. What is our story? How do we subvert the fundamentals? Two case studies: Carl Sagan and Bernie Sanders.

Memento: On feeling blocked. Our experience vs creation balance is offset. Create things to look forward to. Take our stumble these past couple days as a learning experience. We’ve made plenty of progress and have plenty more to make. 

Where were we in the dreamscape? A Youth Center? A train station? Sky bridge? When did we speak to those two lions in the cave?
