Day 42 **Highlight: Smoothies. Toki Pona.**  
Made a smoothie. Cardinal and ordinal. Per se illustrata. Learn toki pona. Linguistics looks enticing. Alliteration. Another successful grocery trip. Talk to Lara. Call Claire. Devote an hour after each run to Good Bones. Conlanging. Make unconjugated Greek. Consonant clusters. Think we might be allergic to smoothies. Wretch, stranger, exile. Rad Maupassant once in Chinese? Boule de Suif. The Waste Land. Ecstasy of St. Teresa. That dear Suffenus. Moonlight Frank Ocean. 

Doctrine: On the root of meaning. All nouns can be reduced to the idea of a “thing” (e.g, man is a living featherless bipedal thing) and all motion can be reduced to a form of “change” (e.g to swim is to change position in water). We reduce nouns and motions to their essence by stripping away their descriptors, and from this we say that meaning lies in descriptors, which define size, material, time, direction, and cause. 

Unconjugated Greek:  
Use causal words: oun, gar. Express cause as “by way of” Rely on punctuation: exclamation (.) expresses the vocative after nouns and the imperative after verbs.   
   
Equip a thing with motion and description. A root—the beginning of a thing. Tree root—the beginning of a non-moving living thing. Beyond that, one only needs to introduce causal keys.   
Rely on particles and punctuation.

Extended grocery list:  
Cucumbers  
Cilantro

“Watch how the cucumber perspires in the summer heat”  
“Summer sucks, dude, having a hard time forgetting you.”
