Jacqueline’s birthday today. Woke up lazy. Finish our papers today and tomorrow. Out in two days. Went out and tossed a ball around. Apparent thunderstorms. Jacqueline and Lara came over. Went to Jacqueline’s birthday party via facetime. Sat in a tree. Played mafia. Silentium quaeso. Glass animals. El Greco. UChicago Webinars. Sunday from Tick Tick Boom. Contrapposto. Cicadas eat music. Talked to mom about staying at Charlie’s after grad. Aeneas carries Anchises, a ram carries Odysseus. Spiderhead. Line without a hook. Soft gold flowing like mercury. Sat outside for a bit. Feels like a September night, the trees calm and a single airplane painting the blue-white sky. Cirrus clouds like waves in an empty parking lot. Read rushdie. Golden slumber night. How comfortable. Had two more servings of dinner, Salmon, bok choy and rice. Called Holden. Asked for the draft review to be on Wednesday. Just get something in. Shower tonight. Do laundry when we get back out on Tuesday.

These next two weeks:  
Spend time with people, avoid our room during the day.  
Go into town and do stuff.  
Run when we’re alone at night.   
We’ve spent three years to learn how best to spend these two weeks. 

“To live is to risk it all, otherwise you are just an inert chunk of randomly assembled molecules drifting wherever the universe blows you.” Rick and Morty

“Imperium sine fine” was apparently a favourite of Zuckerberg in his Kirtland days.

Snippet: Sunday brunch. Just that feeling of waking up in the morning, walking across an empty quad to find people at elm. That’s Exeter to us.

Summer:   
Make Origami Insects  
Hang out with people in Boston  
Knowledge and goodness to the max  
Run and become a gigachad

Song: Someone to You by BANNERS.