Met Clark at Brunch. JaQ and Janalie came back and joined us. Made our last visit to the Newsroom. Went back and packed a little. Taraz helped interpret our Muslim box—first chapter of the Quran. Mom and Chloe coming at two. Plan out clothes for the next couple days. The NJCL Convention. Salvete, sodales. Make summer plans when we get to it. Taking in the moment but feeling fairly tired now. Call Jacqueline over the summer. Senior reception at three? Make sure to run over the summer. Sunset at 8:00. Packed things up, we should be ready to move. Packed some things for Charlie’s. Mom came by at 2:00. Saw Chloe. Moved things into the car. Iron our shirt before tomorrow. Went to the Senior reception. Knapp gave us some kind words. The spiral highways of Hong Kong. Showed Chloe and mom around campus and the Lamont gallery. Met Gretl’s father. Went to Cap Thai. Introduced Chloe to Jacqueline. Had green curry. Adventuresome degree spice. Banc at 8:00. Consulted Quora. Gazed at the trees. Take Yours. took deep breaths. Jacqueline’s nervousness manifested anyway. All good though, we could spend two hours staring at a wall with her. Ended up in a game of We’re Not Really Strangers. Talked about our fathers, and her love of freedom. Made a wildcard count. Melted and spent the next half hour pressing our cheek onto her forehead, as if we could merge into one blob. She told us she felt free. Made some promise of a trip to Stillwells. Ran back home. Spoke to Daniel about Chisholm and gratitude. Cheeseballs. Time and Geography. The preps are tight, good to see that Bhaus did not die with us. The future is insured. Going to Gale park tomorrow at 6. Fold a paper crane. Invited to the function. Harry’s house at three. Shower. Get ready for tomorrow. This is it. Sleep well. Last night in our bed. Do laundry in the morning. 40 minutes.

On the fourth floor of Bancroft, at the end of the hall under a lofted bed, dressed in white, our Keith Haring t-shirt, black belt buckled round canvas shorts, looked out at a blue sweater. Her eyes and nervous smile asked us why we were looking at her so intensely. We made a wildcard count. The red card in our hand, the amber of the moment, there is no why. 

She did ask us why we had to leave.

Song: Take Yours by Matthew Mole