Day 105  
Slept in. Might have been a good idea considering the amount of sleep we’ve gotten in the last week. Brush our teeth and get up. Summer before college. We did go to APE afterall, Academia Phillipae Exoniensis. On the moon, and time, and infinity, and sandglasses. 48 days till convention. Sit up. Get away from our bed. Magic the gathering. @orrintaylorart. Use glue to cement the pages of the Golden Bough. [adith.reddi@gmail.com](mailto:adith.reddi@gmail.com). Zoomed Adith. Italki. We could tutor in Chinese for French. Set up a couple things. Matt Turner. Connect with Chicago. Caterpillar. Added Chicago to our Instagram bio. Branch out. Check gmail for convention forms. Called Jasper. Make good use of our zoom room. Go out for a run tonight by the side entrance. Stay hydrated. Driving lessons at 6\. Time to get ascetic. Keep the water cycle going. Use tinder to find a running buddy? Find Chicago kids around Connecticut. Went out for a run. Struggled a bit but it’s a place to start. Came back and showered, then fell asleep. Drink water and get hard. Dabble into Cartography. Get Jacqueline on Strava. Make sure we keep this place clean. Augustus of Prima Porta. 

“Where in the wide world to find the far, faint traces of a bygone crime?” Oedipus Rex  
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yzs2Fq1ICZU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yzs2Fq1ICZU)

Summer checklist:  
Play mtg draft in person  
Take a train to New York/ Boston  
Meet up with a friend  
Run in East Rock/ Go on a run with a friend.  
Collect prints that we like.  

Coolcat: Been meaning to draft some sort of a note here since I said goodbye to the majority of you last Thursday. For good reason, that’s been tough, and only more difficult after grad. In an earlier version of this note, I would have said that “only brevity can approximate infinity” and left something short and sweet here, but I’ve realized that I’m too young and stubborn to go gently into the night. I have a good number of things to say to you all, and I’m planning to spread them out over separate posts over this week and the next. So please forgive me for the black squares about to invade your feed. Friends, if you’ll bear with me:

“Musas, mihi causas memora.”  
Aeneid 1.8
