Day 73  
Do laundry. Cook Salmon for lunch. Make sure to get out there. Do drafts and read Ancient Greece. The Terminal. YikYak. Long time listener, first time caller. Sculpted for a bit. Time makes things sour. 41 days of solitude. Haikus. Basho. Composite plotlines tell of our human mythos. Steepled fingers. A House of Pomegranates. Watched Hello, Goodbye, and Everything In Between. Cool title, lame film. Picked up our laundry. Went out for a run. Took a different route through a neighborhood. Haven’t run on winding asphalt for some time. Felt awe at the end of a cul-de-sac. Recorded some meditations for our coolcat post. Noah Kahan. Lemon tea. Go get eggs for our scallion noodles. Transcribe our recordings. The sky is an ocean, it’s shades of blue and pink. Gave our guy some genitals. Sardines. Eat and sleep. Forgot how good Westworld is.

Song: Caroline by Animal Years. 29 by Run River North. Summer Clothes by Marc Scibilia.  Mountain Song by Little Chief. 

Coolcat: Been experiencing some minor paranoia due to our solitary state, which has sadly been prolonged. Running has provided us much relief though. Took a different path today through a neighborhood and realized how much we miss running on gentle slopes. Felt awe at the end of a cul-de-sac. 

Doctrine: To know why the forest is dark and enchanting, one should walk to the end of a clearing. Standing before the woods, tall and dark, he will hear the trees calling him to become part of it. Man was never meant to conquer the darkness, but to, at times, assume the eyes of another creature of the woods.

Snippet Anthology 2: One hand in front of another in a slow crawl over the linoleum, until your legs first mustered the strength to free you from this Earth. It was a brief moment before you tumbled back down. But you have learned our first secret and will not forget it. 

Writing needs its references. 

Tell my love, I only write in prose these days. I am too unconcerned with poetry, and I am too unrefined when all I would like to do is shout from the rooftops, my love. My love, to carve on my heart your name and to breathe in your skin. Infatuation, enchantment, and enhanced mental states make us understand things when we perhaps shouldn’t, my love.

To do:  
Cook  
Finish Drafts  
Read Ancient Greece  
Go out for a run **Done**