Woke up late. Caught a shuttle to our polisci discussion. Peter Singer. Reach out to Erin for help. Io passing into the shadow of Jupiter. Earbuds in the pockets of our khakis, don’t forget. Two plates of butter chicken with Sergio and Lucas at Hutch. Water cut and served out of a blob. Finished up our Exos homework on the A level. Climbed the hidden stairs in the Reg. Liminal spaces. Sat on a church pew in Rockefeller chapel. Night clerks and projectionists in old theaters. Make ourselves a press badge for the maroon. The sharpie black pens we got at Target are good. Did our laundry. Raining out. Took a lyft to Hutch. Moran redirected us to Baker. Ended up at Cathey with a roast beef, cucumber, tomato, chipotle aioli sandwich. A purple yard sign in dilapidated condition. Went to see Giancarlo at Dead Fun Society. The Von Meyers Lore. A24. Reset.

Snippet: A solemnity as the air sank around us—our silence was not ours. The mosaic of coloured glass, iridescent, and the gilded edges of stone arches. Recalling a neon blue we observed in Phillips Church during one meditation. *The building is 120 feet 1½ inches in width. The roof line is 102 feet above the grade line…* the *apkallu* laid the foundations.

Dog Carcass: 1st issue on eggs. Announce a prize for submissions, accept visuals. Cover graphic: “Dog Carcass” in black caps. fried egg with yolk off-center. Brown sausage dog with ivory ribs exposed, dead-eyed, tongue outstretched. Red flower growing out of ribs. 

Song: Talia by King Princess.
