Day 4  
Did not get a lot of sleep. Woke up around 4:00. Spoke to a Japanese man at the front desk about his friend in Long Island. Took the early morning shuttle to Haneda. Checked in and sat at a random gate. Three mentaiko onigiris from the vending machine. Little sleep, hungry eyes. Slept lots on the plane. Read through the mock case packet. Watched Yes Man, Terrence the Televangelist. Accept the covenant. 

…September 4th again. Got a cool aerial shot of Manhattan. Arrived in JFK. Saw Shawn at Grand Central. Love trains. New England\! Back in New Haven. Archie picked us up from Union Station. Ate. Slept. Woke up once in the middle of the night and went back to sleep.  

one moment we opened the window to see the sunset above the clouds.   
saw an ocean  
the tide pools swirling  
one life separated from the other  
can we go back  
can we spend the rest of our lives chasing what we didn’t have?   
just the slow dripping of time.   
one life. two lives. three.

had fish with our grandparents the day we left.   
年年有餘，只願有餘年  
—  
spent the last couple days on the run from typhoons.   
typhoons brought us to 南昌, a Chinese Des Moines. Out of reality. imagined rails as great long snakes traversing the vast landscape. time and memory drifted back to us.  
—  
something we’ve been telling ourselves recently:  
if something’s in the past  
it existed and will exist forever.  
little mantras  
just as this one we used to always say  
it happens without reason  
it happens without cause  
all you can do is take it.  
—  
truth is there are memories we hold very dear  
and when we replay them we are nothing but a pair of eyes  
we treat these memories with such sanctity and wonder if it's in fact a perversion.  
—  
from these memories we’ve constructed enduring narratives.  
definitions of self.  
this summer’s made it clear that it’s time to shed some of them.  
because of the simple fact that they are not true.   
or if they are, that they are not helpful  
if the word is light made flesh.  
what will this do to our soul? I don’t know   
more importantly, what next? I don’t know  
—  
悟空, we know nothing  
recall a journey to the west  
our old friend, the monkey  
there’s an interpretation of that fantasy that reimagines the monkey as what he is, a prisoner. his fate predestined, his trials are nothing more than bureaucracy. forced to kill old friends, all to tame the monkey.   
—  
a little piece of dialogue from miles morales’ mom in across the spider verse. on a rooftop, the mom tells miles all she wants is for people out there to love him and root for him. 

I think that’s all we’ve ever wanted and worked for.

Song: All My Love by Noah Kahan. Australia by the Shins
