Some mornings we wake up and feel like a ghost. Slight rain. Grabbed some breakfast before our trek up north to Edgewater. Comin’ thro the rye. Bob Dylan. The Six. Raindrops on train tracks, reminiscent of fort rock. Didn’t know mints could flower. Took the metra up. Compose our cover letter. Windy by the beach. Called Vincent at Northwestern. Aztec Human Sacrifice\! Ran into the director, Jay Espano. Sat on the wooden steps of the train tracks. Took the L, then the metra back. Walked backwards from 63rd. Productive day, writing wise. Transcribe our thoughts on Aztec Human Sacrifice. Got dinner at Tiffins, Tofu Stew. Applied to Oliver Wyman. Back to R2A? Journalism will save us. Fire alarm just as we were typing. Went out on the grass. Saw Sophia, Sumin lent us his jacket. Mom got our card for mother’s day. Called Jasper. The little islands in Hong Kong. Fire alarm again while we were calling Jasper.

Snippet: Because memory is malleable, the past is an exercise of the present. No good mindwellers in doomsday bunkers, wine cellars. Dark the German show and Jonas living an exercise of pain. Christ-figures\! To be in imago dei. Our bodies are dull, perhaps, but our souls\! The tenderness of your love was to me, the greatest divinity. Your gentleness will not be forgotten. Galanthus, snowdrop, milk flower, you traded for my bones. *You were a magician from the traveling show.*

Notes on Aztec Human Sacrifice:  
Heartbeats. Love, death, and god all revolve around the physicality of the heart.  
Relentlessly human story in meso-american fashion.  
Lovers killed in the heat of passion, their faces forever imprinted with ecstasy.  
Turandotic night, citizens brandishing torches.   
This idea of preservation in death, perhaps humorously paradoxical, but genuine.   
In the desert, the abstract becomes the physical. Ghosts and manifestations of guilt.

Fall: Sweet Disposition, Apocalypse  
Winter: San Junipero, All That and More

PEABXC constitution.   
Rule 1: no f-bombs  
Rule 2: no fraternizing   
Rule 3: no dry-humping

Doctrine: When reviewing art, let us be an appreciator and not an evaluator. Art not optimally executed still contains value in meaning.
