Woke up and walked to Cathey. Met Ryan there, who gave us a C-10 blue pill. Bacon on the go. Took the bus to the red line, then boarded the 213\. Corn on a cob buildings in downtown Chicago, appropriate snacks for Pacific Rim Kaiju. On the L, trees forked like lightning outside Belmont. Escaped the city for the townhouses in Evanston. Games of stone-face on the 213\. *Broccoli Palace*. Arrived at the Chicago Botanic Garden. Visitor center. Seeds for Tiger Paw Aster and Shishito Peppers. Entered the greenery. Pendula Norway spruce draped brick terraces. A big fish in the pond. Bethlehem sage, and lamb ears\! Wide fluffy mint. The faint smell of Virginia bluebells, lemony magnolias. Herbals on teas in the Regenstein. The tropical greenhouse of cacao and dendrobium orchids. The bloated roots of a desert rose and variegated devil’s backbone. Water features and wishing pennies. Had a craving for froyo back out in the heat. Sunshower. Walked around the Japanese garden. Bumblebee nestled in the pistil of a Nanking cherry. Stellar magnolias\! Sweet sweet scent of a Japanese plum, *prunus mume.* Clouds. The Linnaeus sculpture, the *princeps botanicorum* plucking from a rosebush. Firefly lamps with butt-lights. Stopped in Cermak-Chinatown on our way back. Had bitter-melon with beef and grabbed pastries from a Hong Kong bakery. Still night. Sat outside the reg for a bit before returning to ihouse. Called Cindy. Downed a peach tea in the windswept night. Doc Film’s playing Pacific Rim in 3D on Thursday.
