Day 19  
Been five days since we’ve been back home. Russell the Sky King. Put pants on. Did more sliced bread stuff. Made noodles for mom. Heal the side of our face. Make a quick video for dad tonight. It’s all about lighting\! Made dad a birthday collage. Went out for a run. Called Arhon. Not a bad day at all. April Come She Will by Simon and Garfunkel.

Prompt: Russell the Sky King.  
The land of the sleeping giant. 

How we make money: RAing. Our photography gig. Do skilled work that maximizes profit and minimizes time cost. Become a content creator—get sponsored by brands to review stuff. 

Doctrine: Sweet horror, if horror is the gap in our understanding of the strange. A friction that arises in the failure of accepting oddness. A rejection, a revulsion, akin to that of an immune system. As in a dream, the sudden realization that there’s something off followed by a *no, this can’t be right*. 

Snippet: *\[On the training of images in dreams\]* *the professor of the raccoon face gave a speech about a study into deformity—a survey in which the vast majority of the respondents came to the conclusion that if the face had to be altered, adding was preferable to subtracting.*

january: jolene by great caesar  
february: daydream believers by the monkeys  
march: all that and more by rainbow kitten surprise  
april: bernadette by reina el cid  
may: sunsetz by cigarettes after sex  
june: dawn in the adan by ichiko aoba  
july: the moon song by beabadoobee  
august: the predatory wasps of the palisades by sufjan stevens  
september: julia by mount joy  
october: first day of my life by bright eyes  
november: FRIENDS by laundry day  
december: come on eileen by dexys midnight runners

*Like the Native Americans, we were utterly unprepared for you.*