Passed new years hunched up under the table with Chloe. Hit the ground running when we get back to school. Mock scrimmages on Tuesday and Thursday. George Michael is Michael Cera? Checked in at Bradley. Perks of Being a Wallflower type beat. Read through Holden’s essays with him. Did our theater readings on the plane. Objects reanimated in theater. Arrived in Chicago. Hitched a ride with Nicole and Ashley back to school. Lion King. Stayed up late talking with Clancy and Gabby. Met Ben from Chicago. Cut our hair. 

Thank god for music.  California, you great expansive discoscape.

Doctrine: A visualization of a sphere of causality. From the moment of one’s birth, mortality defines a finite realm of possibilities for one’s life. Thus possibilities emanate like vectors of different lengths from a center to form an oblong sphere—a shape of infinite density but finite volume. 

Coolcat: Love writing these things at airports, train stations, and bus stops. Like to think that something about transitions makes one pause and write. Been a huge believer lately in the possibilities within cutscenes, those moments where I swear we are infinite. Anyways, a big welcome to all you cool people from college, and thank you to everyone who made 2022 the best yet. To more pool playing, soccer dominating, cartoon watching, city venturing, mock trialing, and general trifling.

Snippet of a New Year’s Flight: Flying inland from Michigan inland, spiraling slowly over Chicago, field of Christmas lights. The slow moving interstate and the miniature houses. Through the window, a distant plane’s tail light flashes like a shooting star of parallel trajectory. 

All writers fight to stowaway in the mind of their readers. Philosophy of language.  
Song: California by I Said Yes.