Fight or flight. Showered. Let’s get this. Finished our apes report. Prepared interview questions. Interview in 10\. Finished our chat with Jay. Artistic Director of Pride Arts. Left for lunch at Hutch. Ate on the quad with pop. Sat with Audrey and Meklet. Ryan and Ben came by. Figured out our storage unit options, move in next Thursday. Last Apes class, Professor Tuttle’s stories. *If I die.. you all get an A, we’ve set that up.* Read Oedipus at Colonus. Chinese men in suits and hats with cameras. Listened to music on the quad with Audrey and Meklet. Lonely songs. Grabbed Saffron for dinner. Dropped by the pool for our scrimmage against Northwestern. Had Chicken at fourth meal and walked home. Exhausted. Finish our articles tomorrow. Past days have been really substantive. Athens really co-opted Oedipus as one of their own.

Petal storm, the wind carried maple seeds.

Figure out storage options  
Finish Interview \+ Article  
Write Apes Report 2

End of Year Bucketlist  
IHouse Tub  
Go inside Booth  
Doc Films on Film. **Wednesday** **7pm @ Johanna d'Arc of Mongolia**  
Lake Michigan Dip. **Thursday 6:00 AM**  
Gospel at Colonus **Friday 7:30**   
Trial by Fire **Friday 6:30 @ the point**  
Survivor Final Tribal **Saturday 3pm @ the point**  
Wopo end of year barbecue. **Sunday 1 pm @ the point** 

*Composites of composites* 

Dreamt that we were on a bank heist dressed as batman. Ran into Will Park, Grace, and Allison on the way out of the building, shopping mall, train station.
