Day 65  
Arrived in Bangkok. The car park bathed in purple light outside the Suvarnabhumi airport. Took a taxi to Ratchathewi. Our bunk at the Timber hostel. Making the vlog a real thing. Showered and slept. Our Planet II on Netflix, thought Gabby would be a fan of animal documentaries. Took the BTS to MBK for breakfast. Met Father John. Drove to a Chicken restaurant for lunch. Spicy ground duck. Sticky rice in bamboo weaved cups. Picked up food supplies at a Lotus. Loaded them up for our visit to the Camillian Center for Children living with disabilities. Toured the center. Goalie’d for a kid. Chickens. Iron Man Jesus on a mural. Took the BTS back to the city. Ran into Sami at Patpong. Had dinner at Iconsiam. The basement, a night market, complete with lanterns and an artificial river. Had crocodile on a skewer. 蚵仔煎. Tom Yum Oyster Vermicelli. Filmed a mukbang. Returned to our hostel. Visited a dispensary with Ashley and Olger. Watched them smoke. Stayed up with them and talked. Downed some eggs from 7/11. Discussed critical race theory. 

At the Camillian center, after we took our photo, a kid held our arm and did the most muscular pose. We pretended to do a couple pushups. Understood him despite our barrier of language, a real tobyvfitness win. 

Asian American identity formed via immigrant experience, an inherent loneliness. The biracial-esque racial “medium” experienced by Asian Americans perhaps a tautology for America’s inability to register Asian Americans in its rigid racial binary.