Woke up. Went to the point with Veronica and Tim. Dipped into Lake Michigan, naked. Walked back and took a shower. Write apes report today. Keep ourselves up to date on vaccines. Grabbed a muffin from the courtyard. Spring fountains. Mock trial theater. Dillinger’s footlong. Got dressed for Mock media day. Walked back to ihouse, talked to Emily in the courtyard. Took a long midday nap. Profound sadness. Four days till we leave. Four days till the end of this year. Start packing stuff into boxes tomorrow. Wrote to Sophia, Devin and Ryan on Mother’s day cards. Why are these last days of the year so cold? Had rice and pulled pork down at Tiffins. *Good things will come to you*, Lincoln. 

Felt uneasy to be confronted, like things dug up needlessly. Let things pass.  
Writing to prove one’s humanity. Beauty as the capacity for receiving divine providence, divine in the sense of extra-human. For we have loved people just because they were beautiful.  
Rhyme is a generative device, words program words.

During our midday nap, dreamt that the interstellar jets had parked themselves outside our window. Their pilots in white and orange motorcycle suits. Then we climbed down the lift cord of our window blinds, which went all the way down outside. Woke up in fairyland. dreamt that we lived in a dorm composed of layers of bunks, entrances barricaded by red cushioned armchairs. We donated a wheelbarrow to the all-state magic tournament. Then dreamt that we had lived a past life where our coolcats ended at 19, and felt sad for the brevity of that past life.