Wayne Hsiung of Sonoma County. Had breakfast with Aiden. Get to know more grads. Auerbach’s mimesis. Went to our micro lecture. Met with Stephen at Harper Cafe. Talked strangeness. Brechtian acting. Was really nice to catch up. Stephen gave us leads to other professors. *Come On Eileen* as we exited Harper. Went to our stats section. Aidan Grogan wrote the article on Andy Shauf (The Magician). Talked WHPK, publications, and techno. Ran into Noah at bart. Compared notes on our journals. Talked *Expositions*. Noah’s girlfriend’s in charge of *the Gadfly*. *What we owe to Columbia.* Sliced bread dinner, a conglomeration of people. Michael Moran joined us. Erik Nystedt. Infinity Pool. Finished our stats homework. Finished FA. Pack for flight home. Sleep. 

God, we *are* one of those New England motherfuckers. We’ve got the heart of a dog.   
“One letter off from “expositions” and it’s “sex positions””  
And the leaves crawl over the fields like tumbleweeds. 

Snippet: “This city is a big fuck-you to god,” Noah said. The reversal of the river, the raising of Chicago. Architecture as man’s imposition on nature (cf. Ayn Rand). An idea of carving up signs in the wilderness (cf. Johanna d’Arc of Mongolia), semiosis, the creation of something out of this chaos. All this the taming of the west, manifest destiny, cowboys who stirred up dust with their spurs. All this we thought about in what used to be s*hikaakwa*, potawatomi land, the land of wild onions. 

Snippet: I miss you. Never been a big fan of the French, but they have something right when they say *tu me manque*. As if *to miss* is to have a lack of you. As if *I miss you* is the same as *you are missing from me.*