Woke up. Brushed our teeth. Finished our Maroon article for the Flaming Lips. Journalism, man, journalism. Emailed Matthew from Glenbrook South WGBK about the photos he took. Held a ventra ticket up to the light and examined the wires. Went downstairs, wrote a card for mom. Had a Cubano outside. Sat in the courtyard. This year was cool as shit. Summer in Siem Reap. Call Max Kastl tonight. Stopped by Scav results. Had some iced tea at Woodlawn with Alec. Composed a coolcat on the flaming lips. Call us a journalist, call us a patron of the arts. Can never visualize images as we’re reading, but some images so vivid from books we have read. E.g Song of Solomon, the vivisection of a cat. To see Chicago’s shoreline from the Indiana dunes. Bright flash, thundering out? Started @tobyvfitness. Pavlovian conditioning with the Rocky theme. Go get some breakfast tomorrow. Felt hungry, haven’t in a long time. 

Meta: Time travelled via random number generator to July 25th, November 2nd, March 15th, May 6th, January 24th, December 16th, April 14th. New find, Chrysalis by Arthur Sze via December 16 entry. Make one of those websites where you can choose to go to a random date. How fiercely we guard our memories. So much written material.

Do you know what lies in the holy land? They say a man who, in France, had not a house, is in the holy land, the master of a city. Three quarters of a year in this beautiful place, in the company of beautiful people. Thank you, thank you, thank you.  

Doctrine: I have found no better clarity than that afforded to me by abstinence from women. Barring extensive justification for having no bitches, I’d like to note that, as Tolstoy writes, I will not succumb to the swinish instinct between the two sexes, nor as Shakespeare writes, make the beast with two backs.
