Put our laundry in. Grabbed breakfast at Woodlawn with Zofie. Reconstructed yesterday’s entry. Drafted a monstrous coolcat in the third floor lounge. Jules Breton’s Song of the Lark. *What is a lark?* Walked out into the afternoon sun. *I think we danced*, on a recommendation from Isabella. Perfect day for quadding. Caught a football across the quad, classic college moment, though we knew Ryan and Alan, and asked them to throw it. Grabbed dinner at Baker with Erin, Sophia and Zofie. Had a mochi donut at the boba place by North. The friendship paradox. Walked back with Sophia and sat by the Masaryk statue for a little while. Napped. Take a shower. Grabbed a crispy Jumbo wing from Tiffins. Called Jasper. Had our Floridian Avocado. It looked like a big egg with its pit exposed.

Coolcat: We appropriated the Vonnegut quote: “Here we are, Mr. Pilgrim, trapped in the amber of the moment. There is no why.” Before learning that it was about the horrors of war, we put honey in place of tree sap—thought of amber not as moments inevitably preserved, but moments grateful to be preserved. We continue in our appropriation. A real joy reading Vonnegut lately, realized it is a sort of echolalia. We borrow things we like from the people around us and become similar. So we’ve taken on a love of the midwest and the City of Big Shoulders—via Clancy, via Anne, via Vonnegut. I will not forget, on a drive back from Indianapolis, the slow moon rising over the blue night. And passing a wind farm, how the night concealed the white turbines so that their red blinking lights formed waves in the distance… Via, via, via, which of course means roads.

Promise ourselves this. We will only write about real events, people, and visions from god.  
Song: I Think We Danced (But I Can’t Be Sure) by itsjustrand.