Woke up and walked to poli-sci. Gone, gone, gone. Hebraisms. Elijah’s videography. Sausage and gravy. Went to exoplanets. Submitted our article and interview on *Aztec Human Sacrifice.* Ran into Tom in the reg, A level regulars. We’re credited on a paper\! Generation of LexA enhancer-trap lines in *Drosophila* by Kockel et al. Lunch with Michael Moran. The game of nim. Sunsetz on the quad with Elijah and Ben. Published a coolcat. Slightly chilly. Grabbed wazwan at Hutch. Ate with Ruka and Robert. Rubbed spice into our eyes. Walked home. Reset. Went to Johanna D’Arc of Mongolia. Fever dream? On mutual exoticism, what is the role of a spectator? Films never digitized—experiments of ephemerality. Talked to Bi on our way out back to ihouse. 

Coolcat: Sunset is timeframe, event, and impetus. 

Doctrine: Have learned from our coolcats to oscillate between description and explanation, to keep a rhythm, a heartbeat. Think we should never dwell too long in either the physical or the cerebral. Thoughts need to be anchored by events, and events demand reflection. 

What’s due  
On willingness to take on arbitrary thought  
On antipodes. Journey into the desert.   
On the flesh and purity of soul.   
On Asian American manifest destiny. 

Notes on Johanna d’Arc of Mongolia:  
Signs in the void, the artificiality of the *premiere fois* of cultural contact. Cultural exchange is fueled by exoticism of the unknown. Certainly, exchange can be beneficial, but it does not happen without coercion—the European travelers were forced out of the claustrophobic carriages into the open steppes via a hijacking. In the film, the choice of what’s subtitled and what’s not, whether it was intentional, delineated the foreign from the familiar. The travelers’ experience in the train is meant to be contrasted with their experience in the steppe. Food is the first point of contact—the princess offers the guests milk as her first sign of hospitality. Though contrast accompanies contact—the skinning and gutting of a goat reflects a sanctity not found among the Europians. The ending in which the Mongols board the trans mongolian railway and reveal themselves as modernized—only ”upholding the illusion of free nomadic life”—is curious but mutualistic “exotic attraction” is not convincing as a defense for exoticism when the Mongols need to adopt European dress. Nevertheless, the film frequently calls into question the role of a spectator, with the travelers taking photographs, recording in journals, and making pictures of the experience. To look at Johanna d’Arc of Mongolia as a movie would be inaccurate, it is perhaps closer to an ethnography that makes the audience aware of, and consequently question their role as a spectator—though it certainly is burdened by the cultural vestiges of its time. 

Song: Sunsetz by Cigarettes After Sex.
