Overslept\! Missed our moon watching. Woke up and texted Ryan. Dropped by Ida on our way to campus. A parent recognized us from our time in Berlin. Acquired a bucket hat from Ryan Kim. Had breakfast at Baker. Yogurt man. Met up with Ryan and Jay Tung. Minseo joined us at Baker. Talked about college. Guess the mock tea is spilling back home. Took our kids out quadding. Clancy played the guitar. Bucket hat frisbee. Went to our Apes lecture. Troglodytes. Caught up with Alex Valbuena. The Torment of St. Anthony. Informed that we had prospies, Nathan and Robert. Allergies. Bought Benadryl at Bartmart. Woodlawn. Off-off sketch at the Club Fair. Blue night. Soccer game. Jay Tung showed up. Showered and did our laundry. 

Notes from an Apes lecture:  
Colugos, winged squirrels.  
Siamangs and Gorilla nests.  
Gary Larson’s far side comics  
The curvature of our spine  
A paradigm shift in evolution. 

Snippet: *Sally the stripper came up with the best theory out of eight for what our primate ancestors did. They were not killer apes, they were timid foragers left at the mercy of the cruel world around them.*

Doctrine: Exercise. Estrangement of the familiar. “He was softening his brain with alcohol. This was a substance produced by a tiny creature called yeast… they killed themselves by destroying their own environment with yeast shit” Vonnegut, Breakfast of Champions.

*It should be easy to see, but the crux of the biscuit is the apostrophe.* Chance encounter. Told a stranger in the Kerstyn bathroom that we were matching. He said his shirt was peach not pink.

Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots Part I  
Andrew Jackson Jihad.
