Laid in bed, our arms sufficiently sore. Walked to Woodlawn. Had a good convo with Jack Monday. Discussed our winter quarter cryptic coolcat, a record of our cerebral life. Questioned Pascal’s Wager. Your Hand by Paul Celan. Christopher Smart. Gilgamesh tonight. Might go play a hutch game. Grabbed lunch at Baker. Did a crossword puzzle with Alan’s friends. Walked to the reg, ran into Eric. More sightings of other survivor cast members as of late. Glitch in the A level milk tea vending machine. *All for a dollar fifty\!* Walked past all the milk tea sprawled across Adan’s table after being informed by Bernardo. Moved to Saieh. Get more water in our system, abstain from milk. Drafted our first Chinese coolcat. Went to Gavin house for Gilgamesh. Breaking bread with the dead. Book well-inked, book well-loved. Grabbed a Dama rice bowl. Borrowed a sewing kit from Will and sewed up our pants. A copy of Augustine’s confessions. Helped Jasper with his MUN app. 

四月的雨有五月天的陪伴. Mayday, Jay Chou. 

Meta: Take our journal as a marination of the mind—a training ground for our writing. Thus take coolcat to be the collection and transformation of fragments into intelligible pieces. Took a look at Res-Gestae, our proto-proto-log. We were talking about 1 percent changes then. They happened. 

Notes from a conversation with Jack Monday:   
A schema for our March 1st Coolcat. Parable of the prodigal son, Jesus in the desert, heat death of the universe, Robert Frost’s Fire and Ice, Frank Sinatra’s The Impossible Dream (The Quest), Don Quixote, Manichaeism, bodies as cells, John 1:5, Hamlet, Oscar Wilde’s *De Profundis*, “Mad Ramblings” \= “Fruit of the Barren” \= “Truth in the Desert”, *Iphigenia.*   
Following a literary tradition from Catullus from Callimachus from the Bucolic poets, erudite, learned, concise. This mixed with the witty, referential, layered, cryptic nature of modernism, Joycean perhaps as in *Finnegan’s Wake*. 

We reach the same ideas through different avenues. The division of our consciousness, the inability for us to know each other, reached by the religious understanding of Manichaeism, by the gospel of John, but also by the Hard Problem of Consciousness.

Doctrine: A love for letters, writing for which purpose is self contained and expressed by the words “Dear —”. On a visit to the art institute with Anne in the fall, mused on Renaissance art and the orthodox iconography in which Jesus was really decrepit. Thought that these pieces were art made for a public purpose, whose religious meaning were well-contained and well-expressed. Something missing from modern art, because the personal purpose of the modern artist is often much too concealed behind the abstraction of their media. This opaqueness of modern art renders them, sadly, meaningless. 

In the south of France, in a yellow wallpapered room with a bed and an empty white bookshelf, we thought of death. Dreaded the horrible nothingness. Did not think of heaven, had no conception of god. We grew up godless. 

Woke up sufficiently sore today. Have been breaking our body every day now. Some sort of flagellation for our god. Something to mark ourselves as a man of the cloth. Monkhood was your suggestion (you thought of the bowl-cut Catholics, I thought of the bald-headed Tibetans). I took on both, but did nothing to my hair.
