Woke up at 6:40. Ran to Ratner in the rain. Love Scenario. Tribe swapped for Survivor. Traded yellow for purple. A rough rough game of Grab the Bacon. Wrestled Kyle. Played an Ender’s game for our 4 against 4 win. Had breakfast at breakfast with Grace, Pablo and Olivia. Talked strategy and got to know them. Picked up our Prospie host T-shirt from Ryanne. Elevator’s been broken for two days now. Working out of the third floor lounge. Compose our second reflection? Ran into Clancy. Followed him to lunch at Baker. Went on an idol search near the “Gates of Victory.” Brief stay at Harper Cafe. Picked up a copy of Gilgamesh from Gavin House. Returned to ihouse and vacuumed. Thomas Pynchon. Review for Macro. Napped. Woken up by a fire alarm. Borrowed Sophia’s green jacket. Went to dinner with Mikey, Jack and Dellara. Walked back to ihouse. Mikey, Mikey, Mikey. Worked on our Exos lab report. Nessun Dorma in the shower. Read Gilgamesh under a lamplight. Nimrod and the tower of Babel. 

Memento: Till from my bones my flesh be hacked. Break every bone in our body. Chisel ourselves out of marble. 

On Survivor: Play an honest and open strategy. Stay passive but reach out. Stay in the loop. Let aggressive players make their moves and seem untrustworthy. Make alliances and keep them secret. Find people in moments of need—be willing to reach out even to people who seem to be your enemies. Make yourself real, a person and not a player, and people will come. Loyalty is universally respected and excused. 

Said to Oia: When we realized we were going to be Wilkin’s RA, the feeling of shaking someone’s hand and thinking *yeah, you're going to be my kid next year*. And getting to do that to 100 people\! 

Song: Love Scenario by Ikon. Flower Road by Big Bang.
