Move in day two. Rose pushed us around in one of the move-in carts. RD reception. Avenue Q. Cleaned up our room. Convocation procession. Took photos. Went primal. Made it to the front page of @uchicagocollege. Ran into Josie and Claire from Sliced Bread. Picked up a box of old mags from Claire’s apartment. Talked with Josie. Command hooks—put glizzy up on the wall. A nice sunset by 53rd street. First house meeting. Aviral’s our resident now, we played soccer with him on prospie night. Went with Rose, Reem and Ha to the Glow Party, bopped it with Mateo Pearman at the silent disco. Went back to our room and packed quickly for the night. Took the 11 train out of Chicago to the Indiana Dunes. Brought our camera. 

Passed a fire in Gary, Indiana. The defunct metra stop at Dune Park. Red lights on telephone wires. Cicadas and the horn of a passing train, we walked through the woods. Vegetation, a seclusion. Took the most freeing dump of our lives by the parking lot at 2:00. Skinny dipped, sat down on the smooth sand—a cold bath. Stayed until 3 when a car showed up. Headlights made floodlights and we were busted. Collin and Melody gave the most unconvincing defense, but the ranger let us go. Walk of shame as we were escorted out of the park. Tooked the first train back at 4:00, we were exhausted. Walked back to North from the 57th metra station.

Snippet: no sort of coarseness/ the sand smooth/ laying down in the water/ this little piece of the world/ the looming sky/ our limbs (I think we get Jacqueline now).
