Had breakfast at Baker. Raghav’s putting us on a PD project. Had lunch at Bartlett. Helped translate for a lost food delivery man. Galaxies\! Glass universe, stellar graveyards. Energy created by gravitational condensation. Visited Ryan in the reg. Swim trunks are not bathing suits. Submitted our galaxies homework in Tiffins. Changed and assumed the identity of a member of the press. Met Ryan at Woodlawn. Two cakes in our hands. Took the metra to the Studebaker theater. Wandered through the Chicago Fine Arts building. Ellen Van Volkenburg, a history of puppeteering. Manual lift operators. Sat on the balcony for Moby Dick. Bumped into professor Fenley. Green hair and a green beard. Snuck into the afterparty. T-Rex puppet. Had fourth meal at Cathy before lyfting back to ihouse.

Snippet: Midday outside of Bartlett, an old Chinese man, baseball-capped. Phone in one hand, takeout slopped the edges of his plastic bag. His red ringed eyes darting back and forth.

“Carried down alive to wondrous depths, strange shapes of the unwarped primal world.”  
*Slowly sinking, suffocating in the shrinking sphere of faux-intellectualism.*

Moby Dick Notes:  
Ahab intro, pant leg rolled up to reveal peg. Light on peg placed center stage with a thump.  
Ahab desk scene gold. Objects thrown up in a suspension of gravity.  
The desk thrown up. Ahab’s pushing and shoving of the human actors.   
The losing of the peg to reveal a bloody stump, then the ghost leg.   
Ahab loses the ghost leg, and the ghost leg starts moving like a whale  
Ahab screams as the peg is attached back on him.  
The peg, a constant reminder of Ahab’s loss, representation of his obsession.  
Whenever he walks, the peg makes a sound.

Bassline and boss fight. Not just the size but the texture of the white whale.  
The holes on the skin of this monstrous white whale.   
A silent-moving screen of the whale. Humongous scale, blinking eyes and the flapper.  
Ribbed immense underside. Was in awe, should have ended there.

Dreamlike, illusory, the disembodied whale. Atmosphere was golden.   
Puppets mixed with lighting and projection. Not knowing if a thing was real or not.  
Craft of puppetry. Chicago’s artistic pedigree. Challenge of condensing the plot.  
Faithful to Melville’s language, but Ishmael monologues were a little bit too narrative  
Did not get the emotional weight of the scene with Queequeg because of a lack of intro.  
Wondered what it would be like if instead of trying to represent all the characters’ plotlines, adapted or even changed scenes to focus on one theme, like Ahab’s obsession.