Morning brought by the sounds of two birds. Walked through the streets of Rome and stopped at a coffee shop down the alleyway of a church. An icon of Mary or the queen. The Colosseum bathed in daylight down the street. White umbrella canopy over a thatch-weaved table. A salmon sandwich, a cup of cappuccino, and a glass of orange juice.

From our notes:

Rome, cobble street road  
black tiled stones  
the little green grass growing  
through the tunnel to the   
fountain of marble  
poseidon over the waves  
his staff perhaps once a trident  
two horses wrestled by satyrs  
and an olive tree   
its fragile leaves  
encased in soft marble

up the spanish steps  
past a pine tree  
to find the repurposed obelisk  
calling some scene of the dead  
and bird headed-horus

by a small fountain lie the last address   
of john keats

passed a pizzeria with its christmas decor persisting  
thought these beige teddy bears hanging were made of marble

the pantheon popped up out of an alleyway  
so we wound past the corinthian columns  
to find the streaked marble  
pentimento on pentimento, religion covering religion,  
the solemn oculus of the marble dome   
contained our great silence 

six columns of varying erosion surround   
a circular stage. half a mural  
compose an antique garden scene  
where perhaps a satyrs soft pipes played

Thrift stores are where we put on funny hats and laugh.

Arena from *harenae,* because sand once covered the wooden floor of the Colosseum, now rotten away to reveal deep trenches. 

What I find really interesting about the ruins are the birds.

On a Roman night,  
When a star falls  
the coming wave rises to meet it  
and in the immensity of love  
the two are shattered into each other. 

Graffiti on old city walls,  
as if one grew over another’s bones,  
or a tree grew over another’s roots,  
Just that the two are lovers.
