Woke up. Washed our face. *On a quixotic beat*. Had breakfast at Woodlawn before walking over to BJ. Had a quick chat with Tyrone, the desk manager. Spoke with Marvin and Bianca about Linn-Mathews. Settled in the reg. Interviewed for D-Nik with Joe and Cristi. Ran into Anamelia on the A-Level. Moved to Hutch. Submitted our math homework. Caught up with Adam Tuchler. Grabbed dinner at Hutch with Aabir. Went to a student concert in Mandel Hall. Dvorak and Ravel. Started Wakanda Forever. 

Snippet: Saturday night. Sat down in Hutch with Abhir. An old man in a brown blazer joined us. A pediatrician in Little Village, he said he’d been practicing for 50 years. Went to foot school so he didn’t have to go to Vietnam. Told us he was in Hyde Park for the student orchestra. We asked him to tell us a story from when he was a boy. He said his dad was a Cadillac salesman. The company would give them a car every year and they’d head down to California in a Cadillac fleet. 4 days of driving. Driving down in New Mexico, on the two lane highway, they’d see fields of oil drills like trees. *Money orgy, money orgy,* he kept saying*.*

Doctrine: Perhaps very early on, writing—a *how*—became a what. The body that held the soul of thought became something worth investigating of its own. To state the essence of this body, we propose that writing holds a worm heart. Just as worm’s hearts are not one, but pulsing threads, the heart of literature lies not beyond, but within the beating of each word. For the connotations that words carry contain the necessary complexities that we call feeling. 

Memento: Show our vulnerability and people will come to us.