By the providence of a Cheesie’s truck, reacquainted with the smiley-faced grilled cheese we had met O-Week. Walked to Baker and had breakfast with Joe. Watched Titus. Grabbed lunch at Bart with Nicole and Yoo-bin. Went to galaxies. The Ekpyrotic universe. Reread De Profundis. Coolcatted. Met Sophia at Harper. Had dinner at Cathey before walking home. Golden hour, the sun on Rockefeller chapel. Took a nap. Return of the prodigal son. Coolcatted. Annalisa shared with us the playlist from our Fay day retreat. Called Claire. To bed now.

Coolcat:  
 I. Some years ago, I left for the wilderness and squandered my living. It wasn’t until I was far from home that I found the land barren. *Father, I say, can I come home now? I am poor and tired and have nothing in my pocket, but I will tell you what I have found in the desert*

II. Monday and Wednesdays I sit in a dark room and watch images of galaxies and nebulas. Some say the world will end in fire, some say in ice. Current estimates say the universe is expanding faster than the speed of light—the ones who say ice are right. *To catch each other is to travel faster and faster still. The quest is always an impossible dream, will we take it up?* 

III. When I think of us, I think of little cells and little windows where the lights go out sometimes. We are not in the dark often, but when we are, we look for the light in open windows. *It is not that there is not enough light, or that windows are hard to open. I hope this is the case*

IV. My son, you say, what are these mad ramblings? You aren’t making any sense. Look at how chapped your lips are, let’s get you some water.*I take the bowl from you and drink, so enterprises of great pith and movement lose the name of action. But the taste of the fruit of the barren still linger on my lips.* 

V. On the way to school among the grad students exiting the 59th street metra station, I walk past the kids in the lab school. In the mornings and afternoons to and fro school their hands are clutched in their fathers. *No mind the lost and the wretched, someone just tell god to spare the children.*

VI. It is said that the sea washes away the ills of men. There is no sea here but I feel its breeze already. Thought I caught two seagulls outside of North this morning. We offer thus De Profundis.

Song: Fallin’ All in You by Shawn Mendes.
