Showed up to our polisci lecture not yet awake. Had breakfast at Cathey with Mock. Orange pile. The word of the day is syzygy. Excelsior. Longfellow’s poems. *Visit Sacred Miracle Cave\!* Venus, bringer of Dawn, Eosphorus, Lucifer. Dreams of Proxima Centauri. Had a poke bowl at hutch. Jonathan informed us of a meal swipe glitch. Sat down in a chair on the Rosenwald quad. Spoke to Adam, a prospie from New York about Chicago. *Thompsin hose.* People watching. Moved to Harper. Sat down at Harper Cafe with Rachel and Emily. Tae stopped by. Procrustes’ bed. Peruvian lilies in a vase. Laugh of the Javelinas, hairy pigs of the American Southwest. The Tradition by Jericho Brown. Lost our swipe after our Macro lecture. *Hope we’re not a face hanging from a glass.* Went on a wild goose chase. Walked back with Sophia. Grabbed a change of clothes. *Fratelli tutti.* Headed to Hutch amidst the faint smell of blossoms. Got a swipe replacement at the reg. Early dinner at Baker. Milk and cookies with the POP people. Moved to the Reg and took a nap on the second floor by a circle of couches. Went to the pool and got a couple laps in. Inner tube water polo. Hard to keep afloat in those yellow donuts. Left early for Tribal council. No shade in the shadow of the cross, Sufjan Stevens on the first floor of Cobb. Voted Jules out. Ran back in the rain to beating hearts. Left some spicy pork for tomorrow to make with eggs. 

*Evangelion\! Evangelion\!* Subscribe ourselves to arbitrary systems of belief. Take on Pascal's wager, though a variation on a theme.

Doctrine: We count years not from birth, but backwards from death. We seem old not on account of our age, but our fear of death as it approaches it. 

Meta: People and places. Rivers and roads. Entomology and etymology. Our fascination with moths, with cocoons, with transformation and magic. Polysyndeton\! Asyndeton\! Our journal entries, Stephen Daedelus-esque, a growing mind, a living text. 

Song: Beating Hearts by Paige and Nikki, via Atypical.
