Woke up. Ran into Billy in the elevator. Caught the shuttle bus to class. 48 hours, final pump and dump. Fermi’s Paradox. *We’re not special…* Ate at Baker. Walked home to do laundry. Finish Oedipus at Colonus. There Will Come Soft Rains by Ray Bradbury. Nectar by Joji. Had rice and meat for dinner at Cathey. A chonkasaurus spotted the Chicago river. Lyfted with Isabelle and Leena to Trial by Fire. S'mores. Men of science forever. Hurried to Gospel at Colonus. Saw Steven again. Returned to Trial by Fire, picked up our paper plate. Ryan came to Tiffins. Had some Thai curry. Sat on the couches and talked. Sleep and write cards tomorrow morning. Make the Maroon a people club. 

“It has been prearranged. This is my destiny.   
I thought my passionate heart had sought  
A punishment too great for past mistakes.”

Notes on Gospel at Colonus, Oedipus as Christ:  
The preacher plays Theseus, and thus acts as the father to Oedipus.  
Weak and trembling, outcast and downcast, they find transcendence through prayer.  
Reversal of the prodigal son parable between Oedipus and Polyneices.  
Oedipus receives mercy, and yet that’s not what he shows to Polyneices.  
Polyneices’ lack of filial piety is contrasted with that of Antigone and Ismene.   
Antigone acts as eyes, blindness turns to sight, and what is lost is found.  
To wrestle with age and mortality. To come to terms with the inevitable.  
Oedipus is self prophetic about his death, and in death he is redeemed.  
The cultural significance of lamentation. A decision to unclothe. The shedding of garments. 

A conversation with Oia this winter hit us hard in ways we had not realized. If parents are supposed to be models of loving relationships, what does it mean to not have that?

Snippet: Perhaps the dread of a young death is that it is sudden, unexpected, that there is no will or testament, no appropriate summary of a life lived. Know this, if you are watching,   
that we have lived infinite lives.
