**Day 59**  
Philadelphia is grey. Schuylkill and walnut. Chloe walked us through campus. Boarded the megabus to New York. Two asian ladies, maybe they were our mom’s age. Up the mid atlantic. Ocean liners and cranes, orange and white, stand tall. Arrived in the city. Walked uptown through midtown. Met up with Noah at a Mangia. Limoncetta. We need water. Boarded the metro north back to New Haven. Dirty steaks. Slept. Back home. Took leaving to realize that Chicago really is beautiful. 

The View from Ninth Avenue  
Visit Sleeping Giant

SN: Sometime early in the child’s semiotic development, the death of the vater-figure invited the void of god. It was atomic emptiness, it was dadaism. And the discombobulation of the inner logicus had dastardly consequences…

We ourselves are terrified of oblivion. Small acts of kindness we do not do for others but for ourselves. There’s a pragmatism to giving. The longevity of our social wellness depends on it (cf DFW’s review of ADMAU). Spent the last month living with black and hispanic people, and there’s a kind of hopelessness that we don’t talk about this country. And always we desire a sea-change.

Stranger \#6: Jared was wearing a white sox shirt on the Metro North. He had spent a couple of years as a research assistant for a professor in environmental economics at UChicago. Now he’s getting his PHD at Yale. We told him about the perfect inning we saw at our first baseball game. “UChicago, that makes sense” he said, “would’ve guessed that most people from Chicago are cubs fans.”