Came back late last night. Slept on our makeshift setup for [[Jasper]]. Properly cold in the morning, snappy, put on our jacket. Melted butter. Printed out our interview guide at the Yuen printer. Went to Involved Interviewing. Built up a reading list. Nobel, big W for Acemoglu. Stopped by SNVC event at Booth. Noah Alfman's building a "secular church". Walked back with [[Harris]] and [[Maya]]. Look into [[BCI]], Brain Computer Interface. Ran into [[Louis Yeh]] coming out of North. Returned texts. Was hyper-efficient for the span of an hour. Learn [hotkeys](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keyboard_shortcut). Skated over to class in the rain. Raghu's charisma is that he's calm, maybe oddly calm. Had dinner at Bart. Crashed. Had hot chocolate at [[Joe]] and [[Cristi]]'s. United Farm Workers. Bit the bullet, upgraded our icloud. Now we have our obsidian synced up. 

[[Amigo]] is the [[Human Revitalization Project]]. [Andrew Huberman](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew_Huberman) from Stanford.

[[Siloed Mind]]: Draw up yolk tomorrow. Put it in a graphic style, call it mimesis. Our recent trend of vegetarianism, of visualizing our food before we eat, is a practice and attempt at radical empathy. Because [[Coetzee]], can we envision ourselves as a bat? The following is maybe an allegory: we come from an amorphous world of light ([Aggañña Sutta](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agga%C3%B1%C3%B1a_Sutta), Neoplatanism, Manichaeism) and our existence on this plane is a state of temporary imprisonment. Our minds, closed off by our bodies, can never completely understand other people's experiences. It is this inability that breeds loneliness, hatred, apathy, and insecurity. We have long strived to bridge that division via art, sex, and writing (technologies of communication). Nevertheless there is an inefficiency. Given developments of this new millennia in artificial intelligence, neuroscience, and brain-computer-interface, can science and technology finally absolve us of our sins? Is this messianic or blasphemous? 

[[Tribes]]: re: conversation with [[Jay]]. We are altruistic towards tribe members. Willing to open doors and pass down knowledge within the tribe. See [[Exeter]]. We form tribes around social groups (alumni), interests (running), and around beliefs (religion). Can we form a tribe around like-minded and enterprising people? Is this Generation 27? Think Hemingway, Paris, New York. Cities are self-selecting geographies where the ambitious gather, the former small-towners, the former nobodies.  

Tribalism is the only sustainable model right now until we crack the code.
We're talking about building a secular [[church]].

We've come to hold some pretty weird ideas.
To know everyone is to run the risk of knowing no one. 
To forget a name is oblivion—Payton Hobart "the Politician"
#### Must Do's
- [x] Write out Yolk
- [x] Apply to Rat Lab
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]
