Overcast. Breakfast. Day out. Hustleman selling wares by the Green Line. Walked to class with IIT students. Took the 29 downtown. Stopped at the Harold Washington Library. Winter garden. "No sleeping in the library." Spoke with a man selling scented oils by the roadside. Showed us "Kush". Took the blue to UIC. Picked up a pad thai. Walked around before falling asleep in a library. $1500 gig for two over the weekend? Called Moran. Took the L back. Saw a girl on the train who we thought was really pretty. She left at the 47th station and we never said hi. Called [[Chloe]] briefly. Went out to eat with [[Tae]]. Do our work. Senator-elect Andy Kim is a UChicago Alumnus. 

Consider 12hr x $16 an hour, we have $200 each week to spend. Make life upgrades. Get that shrimp tank? Or thread to patch our clothes up. Though it's important to wear clothes with holes.

SQL injection.

Maroon Email Webapp
/homepage — leads table
/email_viewer — email table with a "generate lead" button
/post/generate_leads — parses emails into leads, enter leads into table, redirect to homepage

Time Machine Webapp

Hamburg's miniature wonderland. 
Ripon, Wisconsin

After Election Day: Disbelief is perhaps what's most dangerous about the democrat attitude right now—an inability to understand how Trump not only won but won decisively. Because minorities and women did vote for Trump. And note the media strategy, Celebrities came out in droves to back Kamala, but Trump had the Joe Rogans, personalities who actually got voters to turn out. Think about Alberto, our via driver—what do *people* actually care about? — The DNC really messed this one up. After the "joy" subsides, people will start to wonder how the democrats ever got behind Kamala, knowing she polled 4% against Joe Biden back in 2020.
