**Day 37**  
Will Park picked us up in the morning. Salito’s in Marin County. Soft shell crab. JD Vance and friends. Drove through the mountains, winding. Brought up *De Profundis*, haven’t thought about that in years. Parked 2 miles from Muir Woods. Hiked. Talked Plato—noesis. Story of our fathers: Thomas Wang. Felix chap from Australia, gave us free tickets into Muir woods. Junior Park Rangered. Muir beach. Dragged seaweeds around, Will said “I’m walking my dog”. Absolutely spent, sunburnt too. Slept in the car. Here We Go by Mac Miller. Called Arhon from Ohana Hawaiian BBQ in Marin. Will Park drove us back. Windows down, arm out the window, San Francisco, view of the bridge. Scary climbs, 8 turns down Lombard Street. Called dad. Want to make SB really good now. Merch design. Distribution networks. We’re just full-on experiencing these couple of days, putting down little notes here and there to reconstruct. 

Joel from Saarsburg, Germany, is visiting his cousins in Concord, CA. One of his cousins is half Brazilian (on his mom’s side), and the other is a really good French speaker. Says California is the first stop on his world tour. Spent his 25th birthday on top of Mount Diablo, showed us pictures of the sunrise. Said it was his best birthday ever. We asked him how to say awesome in German—it’s *toll.* 

Shaun from Denver is a teacher, just came from the California Zephyr, 5 hours delayed. Said he sat next to a woman on the train coming back from the trial of his nephew’s killer in Reno. She went to look the killer in the eyes for his sister, because she couldn’t. 

“The problem of the tortured artist is, as we said to Will and Rishi, that they suage our conscience. So that we change nothing about how we live or how we treat each other. They are that perfect representation of the idealist—so pure a rejection of the world around them that we take them as ikons. So we say to each other we like Van Gogh (*the genius in him no one understood*) or read David Foster Wallace and just go about our lives. 

Will Park told us that, at least in high school, we seemed most wanting to become a martyr out of anyone he knew. We thought this was true, but ironic that we really believed in nothing back then. He said, alluding to Moby Dick for the second time that day, that what people don’t get is that everyone needs a white whale. Most people never have something like that. Remi Boncoeur”

Something about smoking in Indonesia being a unit of time? The Fault in Our Stars. You take the power away from it. No fault in carrying cigarettes.

\#thehousebehindthechurch.