Showered before Kuvia. Caught up on sleep. Joseph Mooney invited us to his birthday party on Friday. CNVC call, need to recognize different needs of different consumer segments. Went to Hutch to have dinner with Sophia and Noah. Really nice to catch up. Walked Sophia down to Ida. Found Vanessa in a Stuart cubicle. Cleaned up our room. Win the HTMW challenge for investments. Made money on our first trade shorting Alaska airlines—drove us up to 15th place. Slept. Showered. Went to DSP. Met Rhea Shah. Huck is someone we should talk to, he’s got drive, he’s a go getter. Photograph the blizzard upcoming. We’ve got a long weekend. 

DSP info session Harper 130 at 8:00. Do market research into entertainment.   
Sprocket hole exposures.   
Make a children’s book for Corinne. Where the wild things are inspired.  
Scan secret santa things—could become a staff issue\!

Entrepreneurship: Be obsessive about customer discovery next CNVC. Do surveys before application. Trust the result of surveys, and always look to pivot. B2C can become a B2B—marketing to consumers will always be hard as one needs to know human psychology.  
Be careful who we put on our team—keep it small. 

Lifepath: Go nontraditional. Enterprise. Use CNVC as a springboard from one startup to the next until we build our own thing. Understanding people and knowing how to sell to them (customer discovery, data collection, analysis) will always be useful. 

Have to appreciate the poverty that drives us to enterprise. Thought at one point this summer that we wouldn’t be able to afford school, after having lived life so comfortably and attended a place like Exeter. That hit us like a truck.