**Day 43**  
Packed up our stuff. Everything seems to fit. Decent bit of camera gear. Took the green into the city. Marvin with the green tote *likes to surf around (as we do)*. Picked up supplies at Trader Joes, then an eye mask from Target. Tobias from Carbondale, an Amish teen, has traveled upwards of 50-60,000 miles on the amtrak. Boarded the empire builder. It’s pretty spacious. The quickly vanishing past. Thought we lost our earphones and panicked. No wifi on our train. Many amish. Women, kapp and dresses, men, bowl-cut and suspenders. Met Bobby and Robbie (and Josh and Sarah), a family headed to hike in Glacier National Park. Spent the afternoon just looking out of the window. Asked for some hot water from the cafe car. Along the Mississippi.. Short stop at Winona, MN. Felt good to get fresh air. Listened to some Lumineers. Short stop in Minneapolis. Rendezvous with Kimba and Rakesh from Madison, WI.

Things we’ve realized about traveling: Limb coverage is essential. Worth getting the bigger blanket. Pack light. Snack run. Immersion water heater? 

Amtrak specific learnings. Get out and stretch. Need water. Change outfits to maintain day-night division. Get clean wipes to wipe ourselves down.

Had spent a summer in one place and was desirous of some change. Went back home for a little, to Philly to visit our sister, and picked up a copy of On the Road…

Turn west from Milwaukee, we pass through farmland. Cornfields wide and pure. A red barn once in a while. And then just more corn. Columbus WI… An hour out and there is no more memory of the city. Then swampland. Lotus pads by the trackside. Patches of purple flowers. Really you want to look out the window all the time. Saw the Mississippi for the first time and it felt significant. The water, so wide and so slow. It’s just there—Amish teens at the back of the observer car take turns with their digicams. Think one of them snuck a picture of us.