#### Must Do's
- [x] Appdev Homework
- [x] Finish Kafka on the Shore

Woke up early at 5:00. Dilly-dallied. Read Kafka on the Shore. Folded up our laundry. Listened to NPR. Write scripts for our radio show. Look into October Country. Settled in Baker. [[Joe]] came to sit with us. Receiptify is ruby-based (Heroku). Michelle Liu at CMU. Ichiko Aoba's Asleep Among Endives. [[+1]]. Run a kitchen well—. Went over to Isaac to film Scream Queen. Anon sneaky link 2 opposite Joseph DePaula's Tracy Boots. Actually had so much fun. Took home a couple pink spoils, an xoxo light up sign, blanket and pair of pink bras. Made vermicelli stir fry.

"My life is meaningful" "How can we expect people to believe in something if we don't even believe in it." "It's really hard to spot our own mental gymnastics. Cue Ishiguro's Mr. Stevens" "Our life path is to internalize and externalize a belief (is it?)" "It's not true that we don't judge. Judging is good. It's good to be discriminate about our friends. There are people we like and people we don't like. We just cant put a finger on how we judge."  "New obsession: we're 300 baud modems—Elon Musk" "So much of our lives we've thought ourselves behind—we're here now." "Let's make little widgets like receiptify—it's the little things that often have the highest input:output ratio (e.g a photo)" "Make something" "Sex is not enjoyable to us because of a physical ailment—that's why we always feel like we're playing a role?" "Entirely possible that phimosis is the source of our gender un-identification (?)" "At least it’s fixable!"

Idea generation and culling are associated but distinct processes. We're good at doing the former. We're practicing the latter—which is in fact the key to action. Take some time to prioritize what webapps we can build now. 

Top priority [[Webapp Ideas]]. Likely 
1. This song reminds me of you. Gmail API + Spotify API
2. Maroon email scraper. Gmail API + OpenAI API (We already know how to do)
3. ITYSM. Gmail API. 

The old adage: make a list of 5 things you want to do most right now, then cross out 4. 

Albums we've listened to end to end:
安河桥北 — 宋冬野
Illinois — Sufjan Stevens
Carrie and Lowell – Sufjan Stevens
Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots — The Flaming Lips
In the Aeroplane over the Sea — Neutral Milk Hotel
Seven and Mary — Rainbow Kitten Surprise
Woodland — The Paper Kites
Helplessness Blues — Fleet Foxes
Fleet Foxes — Fleet Foxes
Crack-up (kind of)— Fleet Foxes
Cleopatra — The Lumineers
The Lumineers — The Lumineers
Motorcycle.jpg (kind of) — Slaughter Beach, Dog
Cigarettes After Sex — Cigarettes After Sex 
Stick Season — Noah Kahan

What needs to be on here: Ichiko Aoba. Mt. Joy

Consumption—we are what we eat. Right now: finish Kafka on the Shore, finish On the Road.

Before we go:
- Infinite Jest
-  Ulysses
-  Moby Dick
- The Brother's Karamazov

Till now the longest book we've read: Midnight's Children
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]
