Slept in. Man handed us a bible on our way to class. Ate at Bart. Sat with Amber for a bit in the reg. Where’s our mouse and dongle? Bret Victor. 草东没有派对 is a Taiwanese Cigarettes after Sex? Went down to Polsky. Talked with Paul. Had a good convo. *Shed exeter.* Sent an email to Mina Lee, professor on AI and writing in the compsci department. Dropped by Moda. On two movies for doc films this quarter. Very different in flavor—Ky’s drag queen thriller and Ellie’s asian american family film. Building manager shift. Lola stopped by. Look into soft white underbelly. Reading Ellie’s script made us cry. Went home and slept at 1\.

IIN: “Could you walk me through….”

Tyler’s addition to the shell model: hydrophobic molecules enclose themselves in a layer of water. Punctuated equilibrium. 

Amigo: “Meals for convos” Underclassmen have guest swipes, upperclassmen need food. Could be an alternate web app idea. 

Meta apparently has postdocs. Most companies have innovation wings. Think of SBAF as Sliced Bread’s innovation division. SB nanowrimo?

Hunger, sex, and power’s domination in contemporary sociological discourse have contributed to a reductive view of humanity. Self-actualization, transcendence, a need for meaning, these things which we conventionally prescribe to “higher ideals” may themselves be fundamental drivers of behavior. *Cloth mama* (Harry Harlow)*, God.* Take micromanagement—is it that people abuse power or that people want to feel useful? We need a new social theory. Only by reinterpreting what human nature is can we lend possibility to visions that better living. Idealism is always pragmatic in that way. 

After we told Paul about Estrella’s last farewell app and asked him to keep us updated about anyone working in that genre, he told us that student entrepreneurship seems to be going in the other direction. “Things are more ‘hollow’,” he said, “however, technology has always existed, and for any movement there is a reaction”. The more we automate and find ourselves slipping into hyper efficiency, there will be a pushback and yearning for authenticity. And we’ll be there. 

Babylon is the super-structuralization of man, which now confines him, which he calls *the machine*. Society—our social product has become something that estranges us. Put simply, the city makes us lonely because it deprives us of *neighbors.* The solution? Make our communities smaller. Restore the neighborly bond. To start, we have only need to care for those immediate to us.

Evolution:

V1: The Button  
Thesis: abundance of information offered via social media has led to decreased patience in getting to know others irl “the hinge effect”; phones create barriers which have eliminated most opportunities for chance meetings; isolationist norms make it socially unacceptable to approach people you don’t know.   
In a nutshell: stranger proximity matching.  
Execution: Red button provides you with a match identified solely by name and clothing.  
Problem: **critical mass**—need enough people to opt in in the same space in order for us to provide spontaneous matches. **bad apples**—no social guarantee that everyone on the app is benign, general inability to filter out malicious agents. **no exit**—no way to comfortably exit an awkward interaction in which one party wants to exit but the other does not.

V2: Amigo  
Thesis: mutuals provide social credibility for yet-to-meet parties; semi-strangers within a network lead to higher likelihood of positive interactions while retaining serendipity.   
In a nutshell: matchmaking via mutuals.  
Execution: contact upload. amigo matches you with someone with whom you share a mutual.  
Problems: **critical mass**—people often have positive experiences meeting mutuals but aren’t incentivized enough to actively seek out these meetings. **clashing expectations**—no way to define engagement for either party, is it romantic, platonic, for business? **fallout**—amigo is responsible/viewed as responsible if an interaction goes bad.

V3: I Think You Should Meet  
Thesis: outsourcing matchmaking to a matchmaker who is able to set expectations for both parties and provide a reason for their engagement. Single-user-tool solves critical mass problem inherent for social platforms.   
In a Nutshell: paperless post for two.  
Problems: **doubt of authenticity**—how do we make the email not look like a scam/the sender got hacked? **Privacy**—how do we monitor appropriate use of the emails?

What are our career plans? What are we doing after we graduate? Paul asked. All we know is that we need to be in the right rooms. Exeter was the first room we got into. CNVC was last, what’s next? Have to be in the AI space. It’s gold or shovels. Be prescient. 

Was just thinking today that for our brief two decades of life on this planet we’ve come very far. Circumnavigated the globe, got to meet a truly wide array of people. It’s been a storied life.