**Day 40**  
Woke up at 8:00. Became a member of HI hostels. Booked a couple nights in Tenderloin. Nick still asleep. Nick’s dad fed us breakfast, toast and carved tofu. Went out to run in Fanno Creek. Nick’s dad was on a bike, he really pushed us—went sub-7 for two miles? Solid 6-miler in fresh air: good practice for tomorrow with Bango. Showered and got our things together. Nick’s dad took us to see the Nike campus. Told him about the sub-3 documentary we saw about Kipchoge. Started remembering all these stories about ourselves around Fay and Exeter—our first year in the states, how we were bigger than all the kids in JV soccer, the Lost Sanity email we sent, and how we would climb in our room in Browning through the window much of lower year. Stopped by a Banh Mi place for lunch, packed one for the road. Visited Powell Books with Nick. Place is a maze\! Stereotypically Pacific Northwest. Cards with cats with puffy eyes from K. Karlson at paper puffin*.* Slug mug @owlandbearstudios. Bought a fridge magnet. Cut it really close with the train. Nick dropped us off there at 2:00. Had interesting convos right at the gate. There’s Sybil, who just published her first book at 70, Poetry and Art, on Amazon, and Michael, an electric historian going down to visit a hydroelectric plant, complete with dig tools and all. Our neighbor, Margot from Brest, Brittany is an illustrator for a publishing house. @margot\_fdl. Train views: haven’t been noting the views. Thought we passed a field of wombats—too small to be sheep. Short stop in Eugene, OR. Coming up at the Coast Range. Think the scenery along this route is much the same. Going up a tall stretch. Hung out at the observation car for a bit with Sybil. Two guys from San Diego who’d just come back from Kanchuga(?), Alaska. Art from Detroit has walked the length of the continent, 35 states, 113 places, lives now in a trailer on 7 acres of land in New Mexico that he rents for 25 dollars a month. Bobbie from Princeton teaches Modern Authoritarianism, went to Swarthmore, visiting friends just like us. 

Just three days ago we were in Chicago. See Red Woods, Muir Woods. Monkey wrench gang. 

"A real leader can somehow get us to do certain things that deep down we think are good and want to be able to do but usually can’t get ourselves to do on our own” from Up, Simba. DFW McCain coverage from rolling stone.
