Breakfast with Kyle. Talked intentionality and intergenerationality. Important to get these things down. Went to psych research methods. Cloth mama and wire mama.  Submitted our English canvas post. Lunch, met Emma from Maroon TV and Gilberto, one of Daniel Mata’s friends. Went back to North to nap. We are weary. Ate with Kyle for a little bit. Showed him *Legacy of the Void*. Attended a loeb.nyc info session. Talked to Chloe, Building Manager, about human computer interaction. Jojo gave us a tour of Reynolds, she had survived a triple flip in a side by side. 100 feet down a ravine. Ran into Akpsi doing their interviews, and Pi Phi doing their sorority stuff. Got our maroon login. The BM night shift. Dream pop. Brought pizza back to North. On Ellie’s project—Tiger’s Eye. 

With the elderly, their short term memory may be befuddled but their long term memory is very much intact. So we all get old and become memory machines.

SBAF: have mini-surveys with birthday, favorite food. Do interviews so that people can meet Kavya and us. Send weekly emails to that group. 

No, fuck your frats, fuck your suits, fuck people who don’t know you deciding who you are. If your community’s based on exclusivity… Emily Wheeler asked us once what we learned photographing people at parties. We learned invisibility. We don’t know the people who make our food, the people who clean our houses, *the men subterranean.* *Where does the evil arise? Was it us all along?* 

Building manager job. Always the most interesting conversations. So many nooks and crannies in Ida. Make a short film told through shift reports. Found footage?
