Woke up. Showered. Collin handed us the HRL bag. Breakfast at Baker. Went through psych notes, quizzes, and the textbook. Midterm. Ate with [[Thomas]]. Responded to emails. Nap, refresh. Catch up. Look into "Akiyas" as real estate opportunities. Reach out to the people at [Half Baked](https://www.gethalfbaked.com/). Dinner with [[Alec]]. "The apples are ripe". Went to our Fire Escape films meeting. Read about the brain. Stopped by Trott's acai bowl study break with [[Alec]]. Alec recced us transcendence. Met [[Aman]] and [[Guangxinyang]] at the reg to talk about [[Amigo]]. We need a rebrand, the current signaling is that we're a space for people who *need* friends, and that's taboo. [[Signaling]] is important. 

For our [[Amigo]] pilot, pitched [[Aman]], [[Guangxinyang]], and us each inviting three of our friends via email (like how [[Colin Yuan]] invited us to [[Windy Ventures]]) to Aman's place for dinner. Will be nice to be intentional with this group (our maybe zealots)

Fire Escape money laundering: fake "actors" in real movies.

养兵千日，用在一时. What we see as “cracked” is really just a factor of time. 
Writing is good, it's like running a marathon. It builds "discipline."

Her (2013) is very real now. A couple of days ago a kid killed himself and left his last words to a character.ai Daenerys Targaryen chatbot. The company pulled the whole franchise off from its website, and now threads upon threads are redditors explaining how deeply connected they were to their AIs.

Look into Autotab. Think about what we learned this summer from working in housing. How it frustrated us that people don't mind wasting time when we can make processes more efficient.  

Alex Banayan's thing was ditching finals to study the Price is Right. Eric Zhu's thing is working out of the bathroom as a kid. is our thing quitting our job and riding the train? It's good that we're the type of person to wear a big bread sign around. 

Part of the difficulty of being a talk show host is filling the time intelligently. The interview format helps greatly—why don’t we get an AI interviewer to prod and ask us questions? [[Webapp Ideas]]: ChatGPT shell. Self interviewer.
