Woke up. Showered. Rushed over to 1155 for Involved Interviewing. Bean soup in Woodlawn. Had a great chat with Harris. Went to the Maroon office in Ida. Worked. Called mom briefly. The lives of others—Apotheosis of Augustus (Tristes Tropiques). Lab night. Rat brains. SB in Bartlett lounge. Four corners. Stayed after to close shop. Washed knives. Aabir stopped by. Called dad briefly. Went onto the roof of Ryerson with the astronomical society. Now we’ve thrice missed the aurora. Watched About Time. 

Stamps Budget Planning:  
6 quarters (2200) \+ 1 summer (5000). Try to hit $2500 this quarter, which is 166hrs of work. Means we work \~20hr a week on our project. Otherwise estimate big costs.

Notes from a conversation with Harris:  
There’s a religious idea that the truth is something that has to be transmitted through fiction, because its pure essence contains an inherent ineffability. Our cups, bowls, and chairs are ersatz representations of their perfect concept. Because our current technologies of communication: writing, painting, photography, sculpture, all contain a level of inefficiency—what we are able to realize is always a little off from what’s in our mind. *Neuralink* provides an exciting alternative. What will it mean when bandwidth can fully capture and encode thought with no information loss. So developments in neuroscience and artificial intelligence mean that questions we’ve pondered in philosophy and religion for two millenia are now in the realm of technology. Subjective experience capture, “soul” encoding, these are no longer theoretical but practical questions. Towards a realization of God.

Harris thinks that we lack heroes. There is no one in our generation for which we can say, what would \[Jesus\] do? The problem may really be two. One that no such figures exist (the closest seem to be internet personalities like David Goggins), and two that consumerism has rendered us all faithless. 

Godhood is a very delicate illusion to uphold. We need people to be more upset about things. 

UI/UX design, human-tech interaction, that’s probably the closest to what we’re interested in doing for a living. Because it requires some serious thought. One has to imagine themselves as the user. Seek out a mentor in that space. Could be James Evans, could be Mina Lee, could be Paul, could be Simon.   
   
II: Interview flowchart  
Is it a yes no question?  
Is it one question?  
Is there an ambiguous concept (e.g “community)?  
Can the question be simpler?  
Can the question be less specific? (e.g take out favourite, most)  
Is the question for the person you’re talking to?   
Is the question judgy?  
Is the question leading?  
Helpful constructions: “walk me through”, “tell me about”.   
“Sociologists say xxx, what do you think about that?”

Amigo. Chloe: check out you should meet app. Have to reconsider **the initiator problem**, who initiates?

Dreamt that we met beabadoobee off the street walking with dad and invited her for a quick bite. Stopped by a 大排檔. The owner kept confusing our order of flan and fries, so that when we turned around beabadoobee was gone.
