**Day 18**  
Ernie’s dad let us back into our house. Went to bed. Said tonight we rest, tomorrow we get back to work. Not unlike Kerouac’s *manana.* Woke up around 9\. Dizzy with not much in our stomach. Went out for a 4 miler. 

one month in, I have seen the redwoods and the rockies. I have travelled the length of the mississippi. minneapolis to new orleans. new york to san francisco. 8 nights on the train and half a dozen couches later, I’ve met 4 ecologists, 2 archeologists, the amish, hillbillies and suburbanites, the old and young. what’s this all about?  
—  
freshman year on the flight back from berkeley, isabelle lends me her copy of never let me go. a book I’ve been meaning to read since senior year. I start reading about these kids at an orphanage, and in the last half an hour of the flight, I flip to the back of the book. two characters stare out at a field of what used to be the orphanage.

hailsham. I stick my face against the glass and bawl my eyes out. this is the first time I’ve ever been homesick

—  
at the end of last summer, I’m in shanghai. I have not seen my father in two years. we go to his place, and by the looks of it, he’s doing quite well for himself. 

there are shot glasses sitting on countertops.  
a cigar collection in see through fridges

he takes out a box and we go up to the terrace, where he pours out a glass of whiskey and hands me a cigar. as I put it in my mouth, he weeps.  
—  
this month has been a massive nostalgia trip. there’s something funny about seeing old friends. they always look exactly the same as when you last left them. two years is a lot of time, but it all just disappears the moment one’s mouth opens.  
—  
2am in new york, turn the corner from washington square park, I’m sitting with arhon and thomas outside nyu’s faculty housing, which looks vaguely post-soviet. arhon talks about the ol’ bhaus basement and says isn’t it funny that he can’t seem to remember any specific conversation we had there. 

I think about what I miss and really it is this unabashed rawness that we used to have. here’s a zinger from thomas: “adults don’t lie less, they just learn to lie more substantively”   
—  
this past february, brunch with a friend in bartlett as we mull over a new matchmaking service. the thesis: pair people up while giving them absolutely no info about each other. we were going to create serendipity.

two months out, we find 1k at a pitch competition and I secure a 20k scholarship. I say I’m staying in chicago this summer to build  
—  
forward two months, I’m pushing a cart of linens around the south basement. and I’m — stuck. I quit my job. I buy a train ticket.

—  
I must have sounded so strange when I told will in sf that I’ve been consumed recently by the idea of becoming light. Really we’ve been thinking about the human instrumentality project. the question of connection presupposes we ask what is consciousness, what is the soul?

—  
but then again, sitting in union station a kid comes up to me with soot covered hands and a fresh cut on his right cheek. he asks me for money to go back to shuresville, indiana. I ask him how much is a bus fare. he says 9 dollars and I pull out my last tenner to hand it to him. he says the bus fare is actually 12 dollars. now I don’t know whether to believe him but I have no cash left. 

another zinger from thomas: ”what if the problem is us?”  
—  
somewhere midori is calling to ask where I am now.   
I’m sorry I’m so bad at explaining, but really I’m just not quite sure
