兰州拉面. Finish things so we can rise beyond sustenance. Lunch with [[Alec]]. Shrimp etouffee was awesome. We haven't gone to a barber in years. BM shift. Acts 5:30. There are lights on the trees and everything is good and beautiful. Snuck out for some cream of mushroom soup. The last of us. And the go players go home. Concert in Mandel Hall. Made a 1YTL poster with illustrator. Sent out emails to get our long term plans running. Typography! @elliotisacoolguy. Go shower and keep grinding. Neue Montreal. Gradient shapes. [[铁道中华]].

Viruses kill but fungi can get into our very minds. LSD. Psilocybin.
There must be a ministry.

Crypto wallets for independent chatgpt agents
High income non filers of the IRS
Project Demiurge. Coastal school of ergonomics.
Read Marx's Das Capital and David Graber's Debt.

Snapshot: What we're interested in right now: communications science. Systems of knowledge. Human tutoring may be a thing of the past—it will be one of those odd jobs like saying one works in a darkroom.

[[On Memory-Writing]]: can our process of memory be analogous to saving files in a camera? Consider how memories are "decompressed" when a key (like a fragment or some hint) evokes the memory again. cf another camera analogy, can we find some way to rate our thoughts, so that we may filter and keep the best ones. Tool for authors maybe. [[Webapp Ideas]]

https://bpb-us-w2.wpmucdn.com/voices.uchicago.edu/dist/9/3887/files/2024/10/SRF24_FINAL_Salvador_Cole.pdf

This past quarter we've ditched a sordid past (bizecon) and developed a course plan around the question of other people. We began from a question of how we connect with one another, but increasingly it has become a question of co-presence. How do we deal with the inconvenience (berlant)? what do we do when another face (levinas) confronts our sense of self and control? Our survival depends upon our sociality, yet there is an inevitable friction that in the highest stages becomes a source of suffocation. 

On wage earning. Our natural condition is a slavery to others, because we depend on others to survive. 

how much do we make from UChicago?
first year: -$30k
ra job: $1000 * 4 ($4000 - $3000)
bm job: $1500
[[Stamps]]: $20k 
metcalf: $5000 (1st year summer) + $1200 (haylon last year spring) + $1250 (polsky south side)
treks: $1000 x 3 (singapore, mexico, germany)
we're up $4450 attending uchicago
