Woke up at 5:00. Applied to three treks. Updated our resume to fit [[Amigo]] in. 8000+ miles of travel this summer on the train. We can be in Berlin, Prague, or New Delhi. Did our psych homework. Very productive morning. Christopher Columbus was perhaps Jewish? Showered. Went to Psych. Sat at starbucks with [[Sophia]] for a bit. Lunch with [[Jasper]]. Went to AV training. Back home and napped. Have to figure out our classes. Sent Jasper off, saw him get on the 55th. Dinner with [[Jay]] and [[Harris]]. Walked him to Gavin House. Early 2 hours for our shift at Ida. Saw [[Anthony Calixto]], our roommate in Mexico city last winter, and his name resurfaced in our brain, bubbled up to escape a sort of amnesia. Sat and talked with [[Ashley]]. [[Nahir]] came by, Booth 2nd year who we met at the IOP over this summer. Wrote up and submitted our Loeb app. It's getting snappy out there. Getting pretty tired. Honey hold me bring us back. Grinded out Ruby.

On seeing Jasper. Felt this poignant sense of wanting to be completely in the moment. Something to treasure, and of course we don't know when we'll next see someone. 

Reminisced about [[Exeter]] with [[Harris]], and McLaughlin, how sharp and witty he was. Really it was a place where kids parented kids. Told him this the trajectory of our life: to know ourselves, to hold a deep conviction, to actualize it within ourselves before spreading it. And really even the first step is so hard. 

Batman: who are we when the city sleeps? Cruised down woodlawn back to north. It really is quiet.

Have to do focused sidequesting. [[Sidequest]] but make sure that our sidequests actually do enrich our lives. We need to be very consistent about one thing. 

Tasks
- [x] Loeb.nyc app
- [x] Ruby
- [x] Involved interviewing
