**Day 43**  
Slept in. Made pasta for lunch. Took the L up to Western in Bucktown. Checked out the local village discount. Found a nice bike bell, though we did not end up getting it. Skate bell? Entered the 606 via a ramp on Milwaukee Ave. Skated down its west end and back. So many runners, bikers, and dads towing their children in little carriages. Had an Italian Ice from Ava’s made with real peach. Took the train to Clark/Lake, then cruised through much of downtown to Harold Washington Library. *Building with the gargoyles.* Let a Ukrainian woman, Anna, take a picture of us with her film camera. Her friend Yulia was in town visiting her brother. *Square or a half pack—*people peddled wares as usual on the red line. Met Tyler at Ken Kee in Chinatown. Talked emergent properties, as in *wheels, pedals, and handlebars don’t by themselves make a bike*, *because the sum is not just a collection of its parts,* as well as feeling that we have to have stuff figured out when we don’t. Tyler drove us home to 54th and Woodlawn. Made a Trader Joe's trip with Ana Emilia. Talked about getting paid to do nothing, cooking, and about our upcoming trip across the continental United States. Had chocolate covered frozen bananas. Do pushups and shower.

NEVER FORGET ABOUT OUR DISTRIBUTION NETWORKS.   
Make use of socials. Jeff Lind kind of Energy.   
Asked people their favourite memories of O-Week. Inform quest.io.  
Dunning Kruger.   
Watch Juno. Go see the redwoods.

Plan for tomorrow: wake. Make breakfast. pack up everything we have. Write as much of our medium article as we can before 9:50. At 9:50 go downtown to meet with Seth. Hang out with Seth. Buy shoes from Vans. Stop by chinatown to buy trinkets. Get home and publish our medium article \+ load up on food for Exit Day.