**Day 50**  
Picked up laundry. Napped till noon. Got a Banh Mi Long Time. Stopped by the reg to print out ids for the DMV. Red-lined into the city. Hordes of youth streaming down Madison. (No doubt headed for Lolla). The DMV did not go well for us, though we ran into one of the friendly desk clerks at South (there with her niece). Switched gears, walked to Social Security. Met a UChicago alumn, Alex F, class of ‘15, on business for his father. Ordered a new card to be delivered to South next week, we’ll try getting our permit then. Settled in the Art Institute—the calm eye of the storm. Sat on a chair and just typed. Migrated to the Chinatown public library. Closing time. Met up with Chloe. Ended up eating at Ken Kee. Entered the diner and it was like we’d been transported back to HK. Walked around Chinatown. Showed Chloe Chiu Qwons. Talked a bit with Alex in the south lounge about having quit our job, microbiomes, and journaling. Condensed our belongings for the road. Went out for a fast two miler with Manar. End on a winner’s note. \#peoplei’vemet. We’re building a new type of church. Commandment: *thou shall go out and break bread with strangers.* These past couple days have been so good.

The cliche is true—DMV clerks really do have the look of death. Can’t blame them though, with all the faces passing them 24/7 year after year. Faces of wrathful, impatient men, worried mothers, and immigrants speaking varying degrees of unintelligible. It takes a saint not to sponge up the ills of man (or maybe it takes a saint *to*)

Stranger \#7: Interrupted Alex F, who was sitting cross legged, sandaled, reading Murakami’s *WITAWITARunning.* Told him how a friend (Señor) had given a copy to us as a high school graduation gift. Kept talking about literature, Alex asked us for our favorites to which we said Vonnegut. Then we started talking about the modernists and the postmodernists and DFW and he recced us The Mezzanine by Nicholson Baker. Reason for this fun exchange is that Alex F writes—he’s been working on a book that has unfortunately taken some pause due family stuff. He has an in with a couple book agents though. “Upmarket fiction, that’s the magic word,” he said. Talked UChicago, AI, and the future of creative fields. Then we exchanged numbers.

WTT: “A friend once told me…” is a neat way to disguise one’s intention to spout shit with the faux-humility of 1\. attributing wisdom to someone else and 2\. grounding abstraction within reality (as if the conversation really did take place).

Tonight we eat the moon\!
