**Day 44**  
Chipotle with Seth. Hung out in Maggie Daley park. Paradise for kids. Think we’ll bring our board with us to Portland and SF. Stopped by Chinatown. Back of the Yards. View out of the 47 bus window: shipping crates stacked sky high. Got a shirt and a pair of jeans. Had flan from a local supermarket. They don’t get many non-locals here. Yari. Walked past Elijah Muhammad’s house on the way home. Yacub’s third son. Fixed our shoes with superglue. Made ourselves dinner. Slept. Packed everything to go. Born slippy. Took a lyft back to South. Julianna let us in. Did laundry. We subsist on the generosity of strangers. Saw Josie. Test slept on chairs. An eye mask may be essential. Cameron came in clutch. Pack early tomorrow. Trader Joe’s food run. Start budgeting—we’ve been making major expenses these past two weeks. Charged our camera.

Under the Bean with Seth and appreciated how the curved surface echoes as it slopes upwards—so that images of you layer in concentric rings like angels do in chapel dome frescos. 

Shave and look clean.

Notes on Trainspotting: What people don’t understand about heroin addicts is that they work hard to create a reason to live. As Renton tells us at the very start of the movie, “what people don’t get is the pleasure”. / Really, what’s masterful about the film is that it manages to make the sad exceedingly hopeful. The opening and closing lines are verbatim, and yet our experience of them are utterly different. I.e the material-external conditions of our lives need not change\!/ What a film\!