**Day 75**  
Peanut butter and fig on toast. Drivers ed. Bought a ticket to Chloe. Philly at the end of July (we’ve gotta get out of here.) Went to lunch with Manar. Picked up laundry. Got dressed. Took the green line up to Cermak. Met Jade at the square in Chinatown. Grabbed groceries at 88 marketplace: knife cut noodles, sesame oil, cooking wine. Peach ramunes. Was drizzling out. Wandered. Jazz, house music, abura soba. Grandma core. CTA. Sun came out on the platform. Terry, San Diego, Arizona. “it was paradise” Lara from IIT. Took a lyft to the point. Hung out with Sasha, Ann, and Max from Sailing. Take “waterworlds”. Bunnies everywhere: license to breed. Added Stamps Scholars to our Linkedin. Called mom and dad. Zoomed Kirtland. Had snacks—durian cakes we got from 88\.

Dad. Look into Schwarzman scholars.  
Realized that sliced bread falls on us. If we don’t build it no one else will.  
Remember the community that we wanted to build. Make art, make music, live\!  
Take half an hour at the end of every day to respond to messages (people are important)

Amigo. This past month we’ve made little progress, but we have learned much about what we need and skills we have to acquire. Still have the story. “Just don’t miss the big swings” We’re out of our funk\!

Tomorrow: coolcat pomodoro. Give a good update of what we’ve been up to.  
Sliced bread poster. sliced bread merch. host another social event.  
People, people, get out and be with people. Use it to motivate us.  
We’re moving up in the world.

SB Inventory: Sasha, Courtney, Michael, Daniel, Jacob.

Wishlist: Brita water filter. Skateboard