**Day 42**  
Night, we pass through much of Minnesota and wake up to the plains. Could see for miles up to the horizon. Tinges of dawn before sunrise. A fine mist covers the ground. Cows, sheep, horses and all manners of livestock. Short stop in Minot, ND. Freight trains. Some scattered oil rigs. Slowly we exit flatland to badlands, layers of coloured sediment. Fort Peck Indian Reservation. Montana. The expanse. Had more bread. Called Kelli downstairs. Talked trainspotting. Sarah, Josh, Robbie, and Bobbie shared cinnamon knots and cookies with us. 21 miles of visibility. Maybe we can see Canada from here. 100 miles from Glacier National Parks. Got ourselves a hot chocolate. Thunderstorms in the distance. The sky opened up. Rockies in full view. Glacier National Park. Much more green, though the sun start to set. Met Burt, Theresa and Kelley from North Carolina. Talked food and beverages. Kelley works for Checkers and Rally, Theresa for Pepsi, and Burt with ATM security. Josh and Bobbie left at White Fish, ran back to say bye but they had left\! We’ll see them in Chicago sometime. 

Take note of vegetation. Forests to reeds to grass to shrubs.  
“You could lose your dog for a week in North Dakota and still see it”

Devil’s Tower, Wyoming. So named because of a story with a momma bear and her cub. An imprint in the rock formation like the digits of the claw. Encounters of the Third Kind. 

Thought about how we’re visiting Will Park after a while. And people from high school that we saw this summer—Noah and Seth. Of all the many life-paths here we are out in the American West. 

The bellybutton of Illinois. Between Peoria and Bloomingdale. Mackinaw (?) Think that’s where Josh and Bobbie are from. They spoke about a farm fire. Waiting for the firemen to come. The barn. Controlled burning?

Song: Higgins Hall by Joshua Allen (who we met on the train\!)