Woke up at 8:00 to finish our macro pset. Religion. Ran into Alec as we came out of Kent. Grabbed lunch at Baker. *Imagineer extraordinaire.* Pick hall. Acquired a phonebook of fellows from the British American project. Cities as living embodiments of time. Did 20 pushups. Our ribs are a good sore. Bought tickets to the planetarium second year formal—think of social events necessary expenditures. Windy ventures. Went to hear from Andrea at cpgd.xyz. Sliced bread. Pick Asa’s brain. Did our laundry. Ran down to the midway and back. Patron of the arts. Made good with Gabby. 

Technology conducts infantilization. There will always be a nostalgia for analog, and respect will always be given to the authenticity of pen and paper. Get a ledger.  
“I dare you to think to carve a pig’s head and make it vessel of rum or otherwise”

Secure second year formal gig, talk to COUP.   
Sunday bins thrift some outrageous fits.   
Silly but never worry about a lack of rizz. Don’t settle. People have been into us that are soo pretty\! Remind ourselves what we’re looking for.   
Even when we don’t waste time, we have so little time. 

The western, into savage lands, an existentialist commandment with so much machismo. To carve something out of this red earth. To act *imago dei*. To manifest some sort of destiny—which of course is a fictitious mythos. Land does not belong to anyone. It will outgrow us in blooms that know no boundary between us and it. It will bury us. It will absorb us. Nevertheless we run naked.