Canker sores on our top lip. Sucks. Slept in. Met [[Olivia Rae]] in Bart. Moved to Cobb for a second. Ran into [[Lukas]] and [[Elias]] among others building a Sukkah for Gaza on the quad. Wood beams and a thatched covering. Back to Bart. Read [[Paul Graham]]'s essay. Went up to 53rd in search of a mouse. To no avail. Hung out with [[Thomas]]. Ordered a bluetooth mouse. Keyed in rooms for the fire drill. RA-RH meeting at [[James Evans]]'s RD apartment. Bread and cheese. Italian blood orange soda. Couldn't make the Exeter alumni event but maybe that's ok. [[Carcinization]]—nature always wants to evolve a crab. How to make money?

Why do we love information systems? They allow us to build up. That's what science and literature is, a body of knowledge that iterates and grows. 

How do we get into BCI?
People frequently think that we're an arts or english major, we've got to live up to that.

What makes cooking maniac such a lovable contestant on Korean Culinary Class Wars?

On an email from Danny Wasserman from the Lumen Christi institute. Look and make use of funds. Make big moves while people are willing to help us—though we may feel stuck in the day to day. Rise above subsistence so we may achieve longevity. 

re: convo with Olivia Rae. She spent last summer working for the federal public defenders in DC prisons. Her job was showing inmates tapes of their crimes. "Its a sad place...and strangely childproof". No scissors, rounded table corners. Talked about defending a Jan 6 insurrectionist and another man with unbridled laughter. Because "what can you do in prison except laugh?" It must be a little odd that we allow the state to enact violence on its own citizens. And how much do we owe to people in prison (Oscar Wilde, Wayne hsiung.)

[[Song]]: Bin Guy
#### Must Do's
- [x] Watch [[Big List]]
- [x] Call [[Aboo]]
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]
