Woke up. Went to volunteer at the South Side Science Festival. There’s Grace Li from Columbia, who Will Park took pictures of for Rat Rock. She’s now a first year phd student in the compsci department, working under Dr. Mina Lee in the UChicago Communications and Intelligence group. *We thought she was really pretty*. Got to talk with Su Yian as well, another phd student, about how the Chinese music scene has evolved. 草东没有派对, 我的滑板鞋. Went to the CNVC kickoff. Faradawn was there. Met Simon working on an athlete recruitment platform. Got his number and asked to grab lunch. Intro’d Marshall and Colbert at Bart. Stopped by the North/Max P carnival. Great music. Had multiple bowls of tofu rice from the Asian food truck. Got to talk to Chloe Eng. Napped for a bit before heading to the corduroy function at Evgenia’s. Rishi lent us his flannel. Noah and Leo on the bean bags. We were so serious. Talked idealism vs pragmatism. Walked home with Finn, Claudia, Daniel Mata and his friend. Met Matthew with a skateboard coming out of North. Cruised down Ellis with him to the quad. First meeting of skate club.

Ben Burgess: arranged marriages can work because people work through incompatibilities vs when people have full agency, they filter. The problem about info is that we create narrow definitions of each other, and when they don’t match up irl, we have a negative reaction. If we’re building a matchmaker aid, interview matchmakers

Why are we suspicious of digital solutions to interpersonal relationships? Because authenticity is key, and we usually judge authenticity by the amount of effort it takes for someone to do something. Given that digital makes everything easier, how do we find a way to communicate authenticity? Paperless post does this really well—when we got sent the invite from Shabtai we felt valued, even if we were one of two dozen people sent the same invite. 

To Noah and Leo: no need to reinvent the wheel. We connect by outsourcing to the connectors.

From Sep 25 to Nov 5, a passing asteroid will become a second moon.