#### Must Do's
- [x] Dig up research on mina lee
- [x] Read neuro articles

Breakfast at Baker. Open mic tonight. Involved interviewing. “You are a detriment.” Be cognizant of the self to be selfless. Maroon Office Hours. Showed [[Shawn Quek]] NYT op-docs, interviewed him about what he thinks the next brainrot term should be. Got tagged by [[Noah Glasgow]] to cover tomorrow's Midwave radio party at [[Clancy]]'s. Sent [[Guangxinyang]] his 500 dollars for [[Amigo]]. Talked to Darrel in Classics 409. Got an extension until Monday to work on our observation. Always choose to meet. Wide sargasso sea. Playdough at our Lives of Others class. Rushed to Ida for BM training, then to scream queen. Sat and ate with [[Victoria]], [[Ugonna]]'s friend. Set up the sound system at [[Hallowed]] with help from [[Chloe Perez]] and [[Tori Choo]]. Ransom notes came to sing. [[Guangxinyang]] came to sing. So many of our friends came by, including [[Gertie]] from Lives of Others, [[BJ]] from involved interviewing, and [[Cecily]] from Lives of Others. Sy on the electric guitar has us in his phone as "Toby the Hallowed Open Mic Guy" [[Kevin]] from Hallowed is such a goat for letting us do this. Had fourth meal with [[Jelani]]. Sipped honey water. Jelani showed us his poems. "Dogs depraved devour knaves." Walked [[Yuna]] and [[Baylee]] back to South. Talked our favourite movies, including straight up. Ran into [[Jack Archer]] and caught up. Teenaged dirtbagged the shit out of tonight. If this isn’t nice what is? Called Aboo. Thunderstorms raging outside.

Amigo rebrand "+1".
Look into the Chicago Pedway System.
Teju Cole. Hannah Arendt. Be well read again.
Gothic fiction grew out of sentimental fiction, a genre that believed feeling was critical to philosophy.

[[Keep in Mind]]: Rule of parsimony. Don’t build startups around people’s second step behaviours. e.g don’t try to build to get someone to do something that is good for them. Rephrase the thesis when that happens.

[[Puppet Lab Observation]]: The [Chicago Puppet Fest](https://chicagopuppetfest.org/) has a puppet artist incubator and they just announced their lineup. Could do a longform observation following these puppet artists around and interviewing them. 

Cooking until midnight and we’re spent. But what a great feeling to feed so many people. See them fill themselves with food that you made.

Best thing about open mic this time around? We spent zero money. 
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]
