#### Must Do's
- [x] Book flights to Europe
- [x] Asian Gangs Interview Guide

Morning. Called mom as we're brushing our teeth about Eurotrip plans. Psych research methods. Quick bite at Bart. Put in our flights to Germany. Stayover in Copenhagen and in Stockholm. [[Germany Thoughts]]. Ate with Yoyo, talked a little bit about her research at Choate. Worked with a Yale psych lab to develop an AI model used for decoding MRI scans of monkey brains. Bruce Lee's [jeet kun do](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeet_Kune_Do) follows parsimony. Important to have parsimony. [[Asian Gangs]]. Walked Sophia to pick up meds from CVS. Went back and napped. Hung out with Tori at fire escape films.

Places we've been with Mom. Pho place outside the TOEFL testing site near Framingham? One winter it was snowing hard—we miss snow like that. All piled up by the side of the highway.

cf u/CHSummers
>The “-American” in “Asian-American” matters, because the parents that immigrated to America are the ambitious people willing to sacrifice and struggle to get a better life. There are lots of people back in the old country who are satisfied with a normal life.

Cities are one of the most self selecting geographies—and self-selection is all there is. Immigrants on 新土地. Petaloid toe-nails. Mongolian spot. and Jackie Chan's Hong Kong. 陳港生. "Chan Born-in-HK." What a big leap for our ancestors to have swam across—skipped generations worth of social mobility. Ask ourselves to do the same. 
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]
