#### Must Do's
- [x] Observation 2
- [x] Reached out to Hicks Bartlett about office hours
- [x] Reached out to Raghu about post-class book club.
- [x] Thank Lauren Harris
- [x] Fill out thank you's for Mason + North RAs
- [x] Submit intentional conversation

Woke up at 5:30. Showered. Wrote out our observation. Printed at the reg and arrived 4 minutes early to class. Ran into [[Calista]]. Another great chat, the importance of being earnest (to oneself). [[Lukas Grunzke]] showed us his language app. Lunch with [[Tyler]]. Weather is really nice out. We've bought ourselves another couple of days. Trudge forwards. Radical Alterity. Opened the window to let the wind in. So crisp. 

Linear Algebra, encoding words as vectors and language as vector spaces. [King - Man + Woman = Queen. ](https://www.technologyreview.com/2015/09/17/166211/king-man-woman-queen-the-marvelous-mathematics-of-computational-linguistics/) Computers are now capable of analogy. Advancements in fuzzy matching—is it still ambiguity that makes us human?

Communications science. Remember what [[James Evans]] said, it was humans talking to humans. Now humans talking to AI, and it will be AI talking to AI. [Exa.ai ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/exa-ai/)AI search engine.

And oft we do envision a carcass in the charnel grounds, its bones and sinew lay bare and the buzz of a fly that perches itself upon the forehead. Hollow sockets for eyes and mouth agape with a forever emptiness. 

"What is this? you're playing video games?"—Sam Peltzman when we told him we're taking a Booth class on application development.
#### Are we closer?
- [x] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]
