**Day 47**  
Called dad. Got dressed. Went by Hyde Park Produce for some food. Made guac sandwiches in the Hutch courtyard. Moved to True North for some AC and a drink. They’re playing Hot to Go in here. Set up couchsurfing. Blink-182 is sick. Left for West Town at 3:00. Struck up a conversation with a man at the bus stop. Took the red then the blue. Dodecahedron off Willard and Milwaukee. Picked up skateboard from Neil Makhija, UChicago, class of ‘20 (then Booth). Neil gave us his contact via Blinq. Planned on bussing to Oak Street Beach for our CS meetup, but ended up skating all the way. 2 miles in North Chicago. Felt really good to be on the streets like that. Met up with David and his wife Rivkah at the OSB, as well as Lauren from Kazakhstan. Shared stories, including how Laura once got jailed in Turkmenistan for smoking. Cruised along the lakefront to Maggie Daley park. Idyllic. En route two boys—skaters—from Iowa stopped us for a chat. We’re part of a WWC (World Wide Community) now. Met Alex F at the cancer pavilion. Walked down and moochapalooza’d. Many people gathered to see the fireworks show. 1 Ferris Bueller coded “because life can pass you fast.” A packed 6 bus for our commute back. Sniped Audrey with her friend. Texted back and forth. Stopped by Walgreens with them. Got home and showered. 

*Doctors said you can lose 70% of your lungs and still run a marathon. You won’t come in first place but you know what I mean…*

Rethink amigo. If our root problem is 2-way verification of willingness to engage, the organic solution is a simple signifier. Something like a patch to show that wearers are members of the same family. Reattachable, discrete, easily replicable. 

Until death all defeat is psychological.

$500 for 9 nights puts us at around 50 a night. Pack sandwiches and water.   
Our sugar tolerance is shot. Need to sugar detox.
