#### Must Do's
- [x] II Thursday Assignment
- [x] II Interview Guide
- [x] Appdev
- [x] Presentation

Woke up at 5. Wrote up assignments for involved interviewing. Printed and went down to class. Carrot ginger bisque. Appdev done. Only presentation left. Finished Lives of Animals. The earth-cow. Brachmacharya. Gave our presentation. Ate with Bianca at Baker. We survived. Said we were going to go swim but just looked through prereg. 

Pecunia (money) comes from pecus (cow)
Paul Novosad—math Olympiad success as predictor of talent. Kid incubator?

Song: Alaska by Pinegrove

[[Winter '25 Prereg]] thoughts: 
Introductory Game Theory, R. Fang (ECON) — 
Internet Art & Web Design, Nick Briz (MADD) 
Mind, Brain, and Meaning in Buddhist Practices, Yu Ji, Eugene (COGS)
Disability and Design, M. Friedner, J. Iverson (MADD)

Actuated User Interfaces and Technologies, K. Nagasaki (CMSC/MADD)
Economics of Cities and Regions, E. Rossi-Hansberg (ECON) —
Biological Psychology, E. Silver (PSYC)
Sensation and Perception, K. Ledoux (PSYC)
Psychology of Negotiation, B. Keysar (PSYC)
Big Data, D. Xiu (BUSN) —
Operations Management, J. Birge (BUSN) —
Cognitive Models, Yu Ji, Eugene(COGS)

Evaluation criteria: size > instructor > interest > requirement

What we've learned from this past quarter. Take small classes. Self-selection among peers is key. Get to know our profs. Could settle for graduating bizecon with a bunch of miscellaneous electives. Don't waste our time in classes we don't enjoy. Building courses > reading courses. Pragmatics > theory. Education + opportunities > what it says on our diploma.

Percentage of course feedback responses is key. If most people chose to fill out the form—they either really cared about the class or really hated it. Most likely it's the former.
#### Are we closer?
- [x] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]

