Paragon of animals, quintessence of man. IQ bell curve meme, judge, judge not, judge. Read over psych readings. We’re climbing the cursus honorum—on track to be on the Maroon masthead. Edited Articles with Noah and Laine. Followed Clancy to the Ida career fair. Be systematic about how we collect names and contact info. Alex Richardson, who left college for Shanghai, wrote ads for the game Mafia City. The career fair is a rat bucket. Tap access to Maroon HQ. Caught up with Adrian in Hallowed. Roamed about the quad for food. Stamps dinner at Nella—talked to Eshan. UCHRP’s work in Berea. Social networks as it applies to rehabilitation for unhoused drug addicts. Pasta posillipo. Sweet baby mussels whose dignity we appreciated. To think they once saw the light from under the sea. North staff meeting, got to talk in depth with James Evans, who called us “dude\!” by the end. International Food Box. The house sang us happy birthday. Talked with Marshall. Did some Greek with Soph and Lola. Carlo’s a big skateboarder. One moment we stepped in his room and it felt like a Browning interaction. Just being able to step in without asking. Convo with Lola, Thomas, and Angelito. Anointed oil on Mount Sinai. Angelito who once killed and prepared a sheep for his family. All glory to the matadores. *Lola was being super awkward while we were hanging out in the lounge.* What a great birthday! Shanah Tovah. Uma boji masiso, kureso, pagaso. Borrowed Yuen’s printer. Watched Korean Culinary Wars with Angel. 

Notes from convo with James Evans: 1\. grew up in California, train hopped with his dad when he was a kid. Rode the freight trains everywhere from Sacramento, up to Portland, but also west to Winnemucca and Salt Lake. Sometimes feet dangle miles up in the Sierra Nevadas in box cars. One time a chair with a broken leg, and a mouse looked straight into his eyes.

2\. College student at Brigham Young now. Spent 3 months on the streets doing ethnographies of the homeless. Observing this complex community, pitched right next to their tents. One time to a kind schizophrenic. *Hey man I have to tell you the truth*—*I’m actually a sociology student*. And without a beat, he says, *me too*. Mindfuck, maybe just echolalia. Look into Evicted by Matthew Damond. 

3\. Populating AI societies now, just having AI’s talk to each other. Because we need to find ways to check superpowered intelligence. Kings were a type of power, and in 1260 we made one sign the magna carta./ Asked James Evans how he ended up from 2 to 3, and he said what he’d been studying the whole time is “collective intelligence”. “It just happened to be that most intelligence used to be human.”

Song: Golden hour by JVKE
