Morning on our way to class—who of all people to run into but Stephen Haswell Todd, bundled up and hooded in a green jacket. Throwing in the towel, going to be a late submission on our journal article critique. It's all tradeoffs. The wind outside is howling. North staff meeting. Unpacked the first of our camera gear.

Next quarter: Internet Art and Human Communication.
The waxman. Beware the babadook.

[[Webapp Ideas]]: if hype is crypto for memes, we can build a crypto platform around underground artists. That's a niche where people love to bet on the next big thing, though fan loyalty might limit frequency of trades. 

Build modular things. Turn the Maroon email scraper into a general sorting interface. Allow user to input yes, no, and maybe conditions. Text sorter.ai. Much like [teachable machines](https://coral.ai/projects/teachable-sorter#project-intro). | Sort.AI, an interface/framework for training an intelligent sorting agent.

 [[Amigo]]: Tenet experiment. Social game like [Paranoia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_games_with_concealed_rules#:~:text=Paranoia%3A%20A%20tabletop%20role%2Dplaying,they%20proceed%20through%20the%20game.). Protocol: track population interaction via the spread of a shibboleth. "This is the signal, you may teach one person the signal. Those who know the signals are in, and those who do not know the signal are out. Your directive is to exhibit the signal, and by doing so, find who else is in."

No screens on our music stick. because excessive iconography (departure from base-reality) is a sin. [[On Grounding]].
