Butter basted layered jam toast for breakfast. Listened to interviews and skated over to Involved Interviewing. Afternoon Lives of Others class canceled. Settled in Social Science Research. Watched some more interviews. The Manson family thought they were reincarnations of the first Christians. We would have done very well in the 70s. Applied to [[Polsky]]'s South Side Business Development Program. Met Steven holding down a giant inflatable dog on the quad. He usually does handiwork, but once in a while he gets gigs like this on task rabbit. Grabbed lunch at Bart. Arthur Sze. [[Manual]]. Big jug of water. Checked in to our shift at Reynolds—got our Friday back. I love the Marias. Hyperhidrosis. [[Alia]] came by to talk to us. [[Alec]] dropped by to see us. Went to Sliced Bread. Brought [[Moran]] and [[Genevieve]] back to D-Nik. Made kimchi scallion pancakes, now with corn. Inaugural chef Toby of the year. Moran called us the bear. Cooked from 9:30 to 12:00 for three straight hours. 

[[Webapp Ideas]]: Re: [[Connor]]'s every 15 minute habit tracker. Something to pull up on your phone? Or maybe just a sequence we encode, one letter per hour for 24 hours. e.g SSSSSSSSWWWEWWWEWWWEWWSS for Keys S: Sleep, W: Work, E: Eat

[[On People]]: Drop our work next time someone comes to talk to us. Always be available. 

[[On Giving Advice]]: There's this episode in the [Mahaparinibbana Sutta](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mah%C4%81parinibb%C4%81na_Sutta) where the buddha explains to his disciples why he sticks around when he's figured it out. He tells his disciples that in a couple days he will pass into the realm of nirvana. His disciples start crying, and he keeps telling them "you should only have asked me to stay longer." Isn't it a little bit of a paradox?  If buddhism is about no attachment, why does the buddha care about his disciples. And how do you be selfless when (to be frank) isn't there a huge freaking ego in giving advice? 

Our conception of living is grounded too much in thinking—"cogito ergo sum"—why don't we consider that there is being in *being*. (Elizabeth Costello, [[Coetzee]]) It's easy to float up and we are only reminded of how nice things are when we're hanging out with Thomas on the 9th floor as the light shines in. Exercises in grounding.

[[On Organizations]]: Big social theory (almost a given)—change is driven by people organized around ideas. No one does anything alone. All the time, ideas are competing, some win out and others die out. In almost all cases, an idea begins from a very small group of individuals sitting around in a room, Pinchas's, Zealots, who see something as wrong with the way we think or the way we live. re: [[Paul Graham]], enduring ideas more often than not start out as narrow and deep holes vs wide but shallow ones. So the question for us, how do we screen zealots? Where do we find 志同道合 companions? 

What about invisibility frightens us?

Our Involvements:
- Clubs: Sliced Bread (co-EIC), Chicago Maroon (associate arts editor), Fire Escape (outreach director), MODA (Head of Photography), Firebird, Water Polo (?). 
- Jobs: DNik RA. Building Manager.
- Projects: Amigo, want to get into EMK lab and South Side Development Program
- Hobbies: Photography, Blender?

How do we make all of this work? Do one thing at a time.
#### Must Do's
- [x] Watch Interviews
- [x] Call Aboo
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]
