We no longer aim to capture the popular imagination—we're looking exclusively for Pinchas's. Edward Munch's the sun. Psych Research Methods: apologized to Mabel for starting off the wrong foot. Noodles Etc. Ate with [[Luke]]. Nhan in town. Picked up our mice. We really did love our logitech M310. Had apple pie. Folded a crane and swung by [[Lincoln]]'s birthday. Stopped by [[Elijah]]'s. Saw so many of our friends from first year in IHouse. and [[Francisco Gutierrez]], and [[Yuto]]. Walked [[Chris]] back home. Moment of transcendence cruising down Ellis, coming from a party where we've seen so many of our friends we haven't seen in a year or more. Listening to Boa's Duvet as we carve the asphalt like butter. We truly felt infinite. How badly do we want to express how that feels to someone!

Shot glasses laid out on the table, surrounded by two dozen former ihousers, econ people, members of off-off campus. Lincoln: "As many of you may know, I grew up in the church of the latter day saints"..which means I grew up Mormon...for most of my life I never thought I would drink, a couple years ago that changed. I decided that I would drink at some point in my life, and that point became my twenty-first birthday". "I'm scared right now because I've never done anything conscious-altering and my life's been pretty great"..."but there is something about having experiences that you know nothing about. life's made of these moments, and there are fewer and fewer of them as you grow up."

Talked to Sameera. What Zac is doing is optogenetically disrupting neural pathways in rat brains to test their brain plasticity. Will a rat still learn to make hot chocolate when we send him a little shock? It’s mapping out schema and engrams. 

Look into these things. At least the wikipedia articles for:
Brain, memory, learning, frontal cortex, hippocampus, neural network, neural plasticity, schema, engrams.

Convo with Luke:
Will Petty, cartographer of the Irish isles, was really an information scientists. Scholarship and imperialism are so intertwined, though we like to think that technology is always progressive. / And really our justice systems are quite arbitrary. we cannot have a good understanding of justice until we understand the self. Because is a man 20 years out in prison the same that committed the crime? What good does pain do? Why is our response to a crime (a sort of social friction) the expulsion of the criminal agent from society (see [[Levi Strauss]]) Blame solitary confinement on the Quakers. Maybe the sensical approach is slavery. He who kills another man’s son has to become his son. We repair and grow the fabric of society by becoming even more enmeshed with one another.

New Mendicants.

Song: Duvet by Boa.
