The pink pony club. Blizzard outside. Snowfall, metra. Walked to the point for the last day of Kuvia. How peaceful to see snow on empty streets, wish we had our camera with us. Walked back with Inhyeok from Voices. Grabbed breakfast at Baker. Had such a good convo with Anna about Model UN, mentorship, and reaching out to people. American Dreams in China. Grabbed lunch with Odelette, our old neighbor. Delegate our responsibilities—we are doing a little too much. Napped. Went into deep sleep for a couple hours. God we’re dead. Worked on our DSP app. Weather next week is awful. Wrote up a cool cat on Jacob’s poem. To dream of Rome from Alba Longa. Host a birthday party for ourselves next year. 

Sliced Bread has to appeal to the general student populace. We need “lay creatives”. Become a meme page. Open ourselves up. Can’t close ourselves off. Cultivate big-small relationships within the club. Bonding events start with the editors—make pasta next Tuesday. 

At our 10 year’s reunion, can we deal with having gambled and lost? Question we have to answer. Marketing/HR. Start with trying to sell a pen to a stranger. “Omegle in real life” Our greatest resource is people/ 

Made an instagram poll to collect adjectives. From Sergio “caring”, from Alec “charming”, from Lara “silly”, from Noah “contemplative”, from Shaun “appreciative”, from Celina “kind”, from Nick “driven”, from Angela “intentional”, and from Arhon “enigmatic, spontaneous, hopelessly romantic.” By god are we grateful to become many of these things that we were begging to become. 

Playlist: Communist Daughter by Neutral Milk Hotel, Strawberry Blond by Mitski, Gun Song by the Lumineers, Come on Eileen by Dexys Midnight Runners, Come on Mess Me Up by Cup Sport, Midnight City by M83, Starman by David Bowie
