Robert Indiana’s Four Winds. Our first painting and hopefully many more to come. £3,500. Give us 5 years. Went down to Logan to film with Luke and Isaac. Had lunch with Anna Kim, visiting from Bowdoin. Luke’s been listening to Kino, Victor Tsoi. Appreciation for the God of Small Things, massively based from Luke. Interclub mixer. Squirrel threesome on Ellis. Napped. The sun reminded us. Two birds, an augury. Stopped by Josie’s. Grabbed food before meeting with Joe and Cristi. We may have a lot of work to do—but we’re a dog!

“I Think You Should Meet\!”  
Choice font: Verona TS-Extrabold  
Thesis: paperless post for two people.  
Part I: People sorter. Contact upload. Contact sorting. Contact matching.   
Part II: Invite sender. “I Think You Should Meet.”  
\*tag *think two people should meet?* try ITYSM.  
Option to be an anonymous matchmaker is attractive because it relieves matchmakers of social fallout if interaction turns bad. From our end, accountability is provided by user login so we keep track of all requests. 

All social engineers are extreme, it takes a lot to think—I want to change how people live. Social engineers are just smart about how they package their message. e.g “wise as serpents and innocent as doves.” They understand that they must build a strong core of zealots (Pinchas), in order to reach the laypeople (secular Franciscans). They are also keenly aware of how scary the unfiltered truth can be to the unconverted (angels say “be not afraid.”) Take, “I come not to bring peace, but a sword.” Christ wanted to dissolve families. Christ, Marx, Zuckerberg—they’re all in the same category for us. They’re *teachers, rabbi, educators*.

Our general theory: love thy neighbor no longer works because we don’t know who our neighbors are anymore.

Build big communities by first building strong communities—this is what we learned from Sliced Bread. Must compartmentalize.

SB: while we’re doing the branding guide with Courtney, figure out typography. Pick a go-to font for each style (serif, sans serif) and install it on our adobe account. Big bread, we’re proud of ourselves. Guerilla marketing tactic netted 60 followers on our instagram, and wide recognition of SB.