**Day 5**  
Woke up at 8:00. Walked down to Woodlawn with Ugonna. First day of RA training. ID Trade. Shoshi emailed that we got our building manager job. Finished training. Went back to North and crashed. Sunset. Had dinner with Connor, talked neuralink bandwidth, theory of minds, DFW. Ran into Kavya at CVS. Talked to Oliver and Catalina at Target. Bought shampoo. Don’t go to training tomorrow—rest up and get plastic sleeves for our nat geo maps. Finally gained some headway on our load of laundry. The basement is buttery smooth on our board. r/productivity, r/automation. Swapped marketing management for intro to psych research methods. *Leap of faith.* The Prophet *Veep An Null* appeared to us in a dream.

Have a really good shower in an hour and sleep tight.   
Continue on our substack journey. Study Jonathan Bi, keep getting his reels on the great books.

Notes on a convo with Connor: Inner experience transmission and reception—it’s the problem of r/aphantasia. How do we communicate what we feel so that there is no loss in understanding? Is maximal efficient communication even possible? Infinite Jest’s Kate Gompert. Read DFW’s E Pluribus Unum. Qualia Research Institute

Writing bakes our half-baked ideas—Russell P Johnson.   
Slow down when we speak so that we may speak more coherently.  
[https://divinity.uchicago.edu/sightings/articles/chatgpt-letter-my-students](https://divinity.uchicago.edu/sightings/articles/chatgpt-letter-my-students)

Oshima takes us out. He’s all exposition. And maybe it's a little too on the nose that he’s supposed to be a sort of Tiresias. Murakami is not subtle. 

Ed’s meeting agenda:  
Catch up (no sliced bread stuff for the first half an hour)  
Blueprint onboarding (so that everyone has access to info)  
Set up tabling responsibilities (print flyers and stuff?)  
Draft message to welcome club members back.   
Open mic (collab with memoryhouse)  
Leave the book to Josie
