**Day 38**  
Breakfast. Strawberry butter toast. Adam from Australia got us to go on a walking tour. Golden Gate park with Chanel. A couple from Jersey. And a girl from Alberta. It’s a storied city. *If you’re going to San Francisco, be sure to wear some flowers in your hair.* Dahlias. Mr. Chow from Sha Tin, 22 years in the park, started talking about “hostages(?)”, was in special forces, it was a “no tomorrow” job. Back to the hostel for a quick break before we walked cross-town to Haight Ashbury. Picked up a 70s/80s electric hotpot from a goodwill (so we think by the packaging and something called *Gerber Oatmeal?)*. Thought about getting a kid scooter. Sheltered in the Haight Public Library. Buena Vista Park. 2 dogs. 6 miles around the city. Went by Castro and Twin Peaks before taking a tram down Market Street. Length of the city. Friends from New York. San Francisco is a kind of utopia—or at least an attempt at it. Past and present, Trolley cars—awfully reminiscent of our native Hong Kong. Dinner with Bango brothers and Bai in Chinatown. Had noodles. Forgot how much we missed XC. Waymos with the revolving sensors. Ice cream from an insomnia cookies. We said our interests are very epicurean, prompted to explain*,* we said it’s like we love gardening but there's no actual garden. Gabe said he’s *epicurious.* Took the muni one stop to our hostel. They have Cantonese in the subway here\!

Back home, DNC cops living in Woodlawn?  
Allen Ginsberg was a photographer.   
Get orange sunglasses. 

History of Golden Gate Park. Land used to be sand dunes. They piled on manure from which the trees grew. McLaren, what a man. Planted trees to obscure statues, tore up the World Fair. Nature goat.

Felt something when we stood on that hill where thousands of young people had come in the summer of 67\. In the backdrop of the Vietnam War, 2 million of your buddies being drafted to die in some jungle. And the president had just gotten shot four years ago. So you take the train out west to where the sun sets over the ocean—something no one had ever seen before. 

And blue tickets. Gay men dishonorably discharged and dropped off with the closest port, many ending up in San Francisco. Ticket to their name, they could do nothing but build a home here. One of them was Harvey Milk. 

Gabe: “Sometimes you really try to be friends with the first people you meet in college because they’re close to you, seem cool and popular. Then you quickly realize that they’re not your people and go out to find belonging among another group of friends (a group you may not have been initially drawn to).”

Walking around Corona Heights, up this random park. The flowers. And it all just sloughs off. Saint Francis of Assisi, nothing of prestige, *really.* And round the hill, Sutro Towers like the trident of Poseidon. We have come from flatland—home of a people that know nothing of the sea, and now we are here.
