**Day 95**  
Deep sleep. Late start. Went with Manar to lunch. Corn on the cob, horchatas. Manar’s father has an interesting habit of sending him a daily newsletter. \<action requested\>. Sat down and finally drafted that email to Paul. Wrote. Napped. Cleaned our stove top. Cleaned our room. Made spring rolls with Julia. So tactile. Life needs more gamified experiences. Peanut sauce came out great. The cross section of woodlawn west resembles a human ant farm. Hung out with Nolan. Drew a little guy on his ipad. Ran. Lost our shirt for a bit. Called mom and aboo. 

A16z. buildspace. Farza Majeed. Make something big.   
“p.s: if you wanna contact me ping farza@buildspace.so, i generally respond to every single email under 300 characters with a clear ask.”  
[https://buildspace.so/100ideas](https://buildspace.so/100ideas)

We are fighting time and death.   
Task management “eat the frog”  
We’ve come far: we make money.   
Now we need to **fucking build.**  
Need to understand the problems of small business owners. 

Amigo: is loneliness really a seasonal thing? Maybe dating is the only real motivation for meeting people digitally. We need to talk to more people and conduct more systematic research. (how do we create the structure to do this?) Sidequest: Get on the News could actually be pretty doable. See Ross Shapiro with chess nights. @chess\_night\_

“I am sending you out like sheep among wolves. Therefore be as shrewd as snakes and as innocent as doves” Matthew 10:16. Need to be careful with our evangelism. People don’t appreciate up-front radicalism, though that’s where we need to be to make things happen. 

Dreamt that we were laying on the grass with friends. The moon opened like an eye and showed us two rings.
