**Day 41**  
Morning, sun in the cabin. Pasco, WA. The trees look different here. We’re much closer to civilization. Straddling the border between Washington and Oregon. Basalt cliffs like sets of teeth sticking out of the ground. Little nap. Wishram, WA. Passed through the cascades. Mount Hood in the distance. Met a Pierre from the tri-cities, going to Portland for the funeral of an old family friend. Talked anarchy, film cameras, and urban loneliness. Texted Nick at Vancouver, and before we knew it we were in Portland. Said bye to Rakesh. Nick picked us up and drove us to Beaverton. Portland’s Suburbs. Uwajimaya, Asian grocers. Had ramen. Picked up a little rice snack. Dropped our stuff off at Nick’s. Met Nick’s mom. Shuffled off to the pickleball courts. Met Nick’s dad. Played a game. 4.0 ranking is not something to mess around with—got absolutely squashed. Out in the town with Nick. Portland Tram, OSHU, walked along the waterfront. Said to a lady: you know who the regulars are (by the way they’re unfazed at the rocking of the tram) Blueberry like bushes? Many dog-walkers, we’re in a slow part of town. Later in the afternoon—Nick’s dad took us for a proper tour. Rose garden, “lemon fizz”. Pittock mansion, view of Portland. The mountains have no end. Stopped by the Oregon Badminton Academy. Watched Nick play. The intensity of that room. Went back to Nick’s and showered. That felt good. Had dinner and a very good sleep. Uploaded our pictures. 

I. Met Pierre in the observer car who let us sit down with him for a better view of Mt. Hood. He wore a mask, and had with him a Minolta GM-2 and a gallon hydro flask from *Dr. Hydro*. We talked about his camera, and asked where he was going—to which he said a funeral. An old family friend had passed away who fought in Germany in the 60s. Pierre’s hoping to photograph the funeral with a Leica 3 that he had left him.   
II. Pierre’s an anarchist advocate—asked him how he got into it. He talked about difficulties with claiming disabilities and uncompassionate bureaucracy. Recced us: Seeing like a State by James C Scott, Anarchism and the Black Revolution, and Anarchy Works by Peter Gilberly. Hyper Localized governance seems to be what it's about. Asked him what he saw as viable alternatives to money, and he mentioned time banking, practiced in Japan, Burlington, Vermont, and Plumas, California. Using time coins as a labour based currency for fulfilling people’s social needs. Pierre had volunteered at one point to renovate an office for *Street Rats*, a Portland newspaper for the homeless.   
III. Told Pierre about our trip across the country and our project. Her recced us: The Americans by Robert Frank and Uncommon Places by Steven Shore. Both collections of Americana. *While the Americans is in black and white and rough around the edges, Uncommon Places has polished pictures of funny shops and parking lots around the country.* 

Episode at the Oregon’s Badminton Academy:  
Enter the ramp at the back of the warehouse into the *Oregon Badminton Academy.* Green rubber mats, shuttlecocks passing vigorously between racquets. There’s a new player on the block. Steven, U19, going to Virginia Tech as a freshman next fall. A parent behind me says *he looks like he’s twenty five.* Tall, strong, muscles. The badminton circle is a small one—mostly Asians, Chinese and Indian. Here, Austin, white guy in a purple shirt, orange shorts, Deep, a smaller Indian guy, and Green Jersey and Knee Brace gather around to talk. *Did you hear about the Dutch Machine? He’s 6’5’’, came in here a week ago and beat everybody.* “One of the toughest matches I’ve had.” Deep says. Nick thinks he’s played him—but it must have been someone else, because the Dutch Machine is thirty. A boy walks off the court with a broken racquet—that seems to happen every two seconds here. But the real talk tonight is Nick playing Steven—to which a small crowd has gathered to watch. Austin (aforementioned purple shirt) offers commentary: *you see what Nicky does is he preempts it, just lets his racquet hover for a few moments before hitting it. He listens and sees what Steve does.* But Nick says he thinks nothing at all when he plays. The first match comes to a 21-5, by the end of the second match, Steven’s on the ground. Consult DFW’s How Tracy Austin Broke My Heart.