**Day 22**  
Woke up in the early morning. Called Aboo for a little bit. Made congee and beef. Packed light. Went down to Union Station in the afternoon. Train stations are modern temples. Met Casper from Outokumpu on the N.E Regional, an MIT educated chemical engineer. Said he was headed to a chromium mine in rural Norway. Talked dark side and incentives for decarbonization. Arrived in New York at 5\. Walked from Penn Station to Morningside Heights, cross Manhattan, from one end of Central Park to the other. MTA coursing under sewer panes, we heard its rattle. Skaters did ollies in front of the Museum of Natural History. Met up with Arhon with his friends. Saw Aya. Hung out in Cressida’s room (Carlton Arms) with a bunch of Columbia transfers. Subway down to the Bowery Room. Finished Consider the Lobster in a 24/7 deli that we sat at for a couple hours, watching people pass by outside the window. Skewers at a food truck. We had tendons. Hung out until early in the morning. Went back with Arhon to Slic. Slept on a couch in the common room. 

Metro Artists: Public Art Project.  
Who's the coolest person you know?

Outokumpu is Finnish for Strange Hill. So named because the company’s first mine a hundred years ago was a piece of rock in a different colour than those around it.

Daniel taught us to read the footnotes. We were reading his piece on Metuchen when he stopped us. “If you don’t know Ciardi, Greitzer, and Wilkins Freeman, look them up”. Changed how we read forever. Have to have the curiosity, or perhaps discipline, to not gloss things over.

Hailsham, of course it's very well still standing here. But you never step in the same river twice, right?