Grits for breakfast. Called mom about winter break plans. We may apply for a trek to Germany. Went to our psych lab. Amelia Gibbs from YKPao. Sat in the Stuart cubicles. Had office hours with Raghu. Met Ellie at Bartlett. Explained food visualization and auditioned for *Tiger’s Eye,* a bilingual role*.* Ran back to North for our bread suit. Tabled on the quad. Really sunny out. Will Hu at Moda, reminds us a lot of Will Park actually. Met Guang and Aman at the A level. Followed Aman to Henry Josephson’s. UChicago’s Effective Altruists would make for a good ethnography. Went out to midnight soccer with Billy, Aviral, Marshall, Henry and Kali. Ended up playing world cup among ourselves. House study break. Wrote out our remaining board intros with Lola. Dream house: 70s conversation pit, central asian yurts. Make a taxonomy of bread. Send mom a birthday card.

21, and often we feel like Jeremy Allen White, juggling five pans in a kitchen. Our one task now is this—to be present. *One thing at a time.* Because all that matters is the right here, right now (most of the time). Especially when we’re talking with people\! Look them in the eye. 

Amigo x Raghu: (perhaps a paradigm shift) envision what we’re building as a tool not for the match-made but for the matchmakers. Give people interested in connecting their friends an easy way to do that. a.k.a *I Think You Should Meet.* More akin to a paperless post than hinge.

Functionality: Upload contacts. Sort contacts (by label?). Manage matches. Schedule meeting. Send out invites (paperless post)  
Pros: Single user, tight scope, solves versatility problem (business intros \+ romantic setups)  
Most importantly, we now have a defined user: the matchmaker   
A social butterfly who enjoys the ego bump from being the mutual point of connection in their circles.

SB: Group meetings are not efficient or effective. Maybe the way we do it is schedule 1 on 1’s with Courtney (for social media) and Kavya (for artist features). Create a branding guide with Courtney—will help both with direction and longevity. Make ourselves the master of the social calendar. 

Prioritize: Classes \> Stamps \> Sliced Bread.  
\*Note to tease out this chain of priority so that we may remind ourselves and stick to it.   
We do good to others by doing first what’s good for us.

LT (life thoughts): What do we appreciate now? Thoughtfulness expressed in initiative (reaching out) or by paying attention to the smallest details. Because the truth is most people just don’t care—which makes caring precious.