Breakfast. Class. Presented with Shiloh. Mardi Gras celebration in Cathey. Ate with Anderson. Look at Partiful and Luma for [[ITYSM]] development. Went to wopo. Meager pullup. Fourth meal. Kimbap after. Flan. Called Chloe. Give up omnipresence—crystallize something. Can't fugue too long. Midnight, [[Visualize]]d, designed and printed business cards.  Pick up at fedex tomorrow. There's a clear path forward. The meek shall inherit. [[Who's On?]]

[[Who's On?]]: really enunciate our words. do a vocal warmup every time we step into the booth. use visual instead of audio acknowledgement—don't breathe too hard on the mic.

Down in the caves / he drank the devil water / and the past washed over him / among the frenetic sea-nymphs / cetus fetus / lone was he, known maximally monymously by the moniker MERLOT.

A lot of things are not about ability but will. It's not that you can't, it's that you don't want to. To have a conversation is to inhibit one's natural desire to talk about the self, and focus on our curiosity for the other. 

We are very particular input output machines.
He made the greatest sacrifice of all—he lived for a story. 
Zingers are always zingers. Saving 2 million per cadet at the Pensacola flight school—that's the quantifiable value of working memory tests.

But is knowing ever bad? Is curiosity ever preverse? c.f that reading in Lives of Others last quarter. c.f Augustine. c.f Peter Kindig's queer curiosity.

父親的夢.

####  [[Keep in Mind]]:  [[Visualize]]
Arnold attributed his success to an uncanny ability to visualize.
People think we're a winner, someone of infinite possibility, don't let our self-doubt blemish that reputation.

*where do we want to be at spring quarter:*
who's on is a massive show that everyone in the startup community on campus knows about. 
Our directory hosts every single person working on a personal project, sorted by categories and experience. 
we actively facilitate people meeting each other. we're the bottleneck. freshman will come to us to ask for help on where to go. 
april is nanowrimo for our book (draft for publish in the summer)

Practicals: show rests on a website and an instagram page.
Every profile has a well made podcast, an article, and a 3 point blurb.
directory is simple, relevant, has a number.

*where do we want to be this summer:*
spend a great month with aboo and gonggong in hong kong. 
we write down everything about them, make a book.
then we go to indonesia. dig our head down and learn indonesian.
create an interview series that is just about food. Think @dinodnsr
sample, catalogue flavors that we might bring back home. 
hit up and record adventures. be the coolest person alive.

*where do we want to be senior year*
We live in a studio apartment that functions as bachelor pad, photo studio, and restaurant. 
We host dinners (+1 club) inviting our friends to dine with chef Toby menus. Think Will Hu.
Who's on is no longer a one person project, we are a team producing excellent content. 
What's more, who's on? is an investment fund—a patron of the arts. Think Diego Scanlon.
People jostle to come on the show, people jostle for our funding. 
We also double as a scout for a VC: dorm room fund? Talk to Aaron Pickard. 

*where do we want to be after grad:*
living in the bay/ somewhere in san francisco. talking to brilliant people. 
our nose in everybody's business. we're the ultimate "I know a guy guy"
VC, something something, creative director, something something.
Partying up the wazoo. social events are required appointments.
Talk to Colin Yuan, talk to Eric Harwood.
