[[Keep in Mind]]
#### Must Do's
- [x] CB Prompt
- [x] HC Slideshow
- [x] CB Extra Credit

Woke up at 6:00. Did laundry. We're a good sore. Submitted our last CB prompt at 11am. An hour and thirty to find articles is not bad at all. Moved to Polsky. Bianca, Rauf. Caught up with Oia. Class. Prepped UCSP interview with Lucas, Graydon, Seth. Stole a chair from Hallowed. Seth had some zingers. Felt like a really good episode. Finished up HC presentation with Shiloh in Hutch. Baltazar tapped us into bart. Recounted what happened his last night in Berlin. Jaime and him had gone out to Kitkat, wildly drunk, and denied at the door for not dressing slutty enough. Perhaps insane that our daily schedule in Berlin was sleeping til midnight then going out for doner kebab's (and only doner kebabs) at Teras. Called Dad.

Radio Host. It is a word spoken into nonexistence.

cf Kublai, rep to failure interspersed by 2 minute rests.
Missed connections Craigslist
We do an average of 1 task a day.

[[CB]]: Customer satisfaction is about creating structures that allow people to air out grievances. 
Before any product launch, ensure there's a way for customers to give feedback. 
Satisfying a complaint actually leads to higher rates of repurchase vs no complaints.
Key: creating feedback-response cycles is how we build loyal customers. 
Nifty responses to customer complaints walk customers back in the dimensions of locus, stability, and controllability so they feel less angry. 
Gently nudge customers 
- from thinking it's our fault to maybe their fault
- from it fails often to it's a one time occurence
- from there's something we could have done, to something out of our control.

[[Funk's Cereal]]: start with a mini box before we move to a full-sized cereal box design. maybe worth just getting ginger down. think ginger snaps, ginger cookies. hexagonal box design?


Consumer research send something to Katy
[[Waste Disposal Questionnaire]]

Song: Sweet Heat Lightning by Gregory Alan Isakov.
#### Are we closer?
- [x] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]