[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's

Morning wake. Walked to Wisma. Sessi ketiga: Ibu Kanya. Went out for a coffee run with Lochlan, Ryan, and Arleen. All work for the Australian foreign service. Arleen's Mexican Australian. Gnofi - gnofi, Ryan got us a coffee. Arleen listed as Lochlan's wife on her foreign service id card. "Either single or married" Local running groups. Large groups don't fear motorbikes. Indonesian peer to peer services. Sat and worked for a little. Met Ifan, guru. Called Dad about Schwarzman. Went down and yapped with Ibu and Bapak for a while about food. Dunia utara. Lunch with Sarah, Renanda, Ryan. Kwaitiau. Listened to Poison Oak. Afternoon shower. Had kwaitiau again for dinner at a Chinese restaurant. Sat at the cafe and read more of Job's autobigraphy. Took our first gojek bike ride to NJM. Baptismal experience. Bikes and cars exist in a lane-defying symbiosis. Lachlan, Arleen, Renandah, met Riki, Maela. Learned that Australia's largest embassy is in Indonesia. 

- Finish language homework.
- Make a quizlet with all the words we know.

we love how "tua" means both old and dark, and how "muda" means both young and light. we love that jam tangan "watch" literally means "time hand" and how kacamata mean glass eyes. and we love saying "jalan-jalan" for traveling, because it expresses the idea of walking about so naturally. but maybe what's special is not bahasa indonesia, but how learning a foreign language makes us stop taking words for granted. english has its intricacies too—goodbye is god be with you. but we only regain this layer of meaning when we get some distance from it. 

24rb kwaitiau ayam
50rb kwaitiau goreng + ovaltine
30rb gojek
_
104rb
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]