Had breakfast en route to WB. Finished soft cheese wedges and a jumba air (water apple). Fruit was refreshing. Went out to lovinghut with Renanda, Everett and Margaret. Talked dysentary en route, fate we'd like to avoid. Probiotic debate. Everett has spent the last five years here building out a warehouse software company. Margaret Scott has been an on-off indonesia journalist, covered the fall of Suharto, teaches at NYU Wagner. Natalie joined us after. ex-Microsoft spirit healer who last spent a couple year in Peru with a shaman. Here for spiritual discovery? Talked tech and organic methods for realm portaling. USINDO hopping on a barbecue tomorrow? Soham Prakesh. The midday rain falls everyday at about the same time. A New Yorker is a modern day Roman. The metro runs serpentine in the underbelly of that Babylon. Paid for our kos. Lowkey languished a little. Showered. Christian funeral on the street below. Called Aboo. Wifi just died. Afternoon nap might have entirely derailed our video-editing efforts. But how many times have we begged to be transformed?

Be likable by being humble, a good listener, well-dressed, and curious.
Our experiences can't be distilled, but they can be well-framed.
Clarity of vision is always retrospective.
Get some nice looking pictures of ourselves for SITG and stuff.
Be in the convo of what's going on—respond.

From Guru Sonia: Migrants from West Java brought the burjo into the cities they settled in. Originally food stalls meant to serve Burjo (green mungbean soup), most Burjos no longer serve the dish and exist solely as diners. Artifact of the 90s (possibly).

We don't leave our room today until we finish a who's on episodes.
Call Nick and Lucy later today.
Style over substance is what Wong Kar Wai teaches—and that's ok as long as we commit to it fullheartedly.

Perhaps unsurprising that the AI revolution is married with the psychedelic one. Both seeking to augment human consciousness (re Ray Kurzweil)

Have a concise vision so we're memorable (the human mind can only register 1 thing at a time). Tell people it even if we don't fully believe in it. We're in Indonesia because we want to write the next great American novel. that's how we be great.

Toby Chan is a senior at the University of Chicago studying Economics and Psychology. As a Resident Assistant, Stamps Scholar, and avid documentarian, he is passionate about exploring the essence of serendipity and how we can preserve the little moments that make us human. Last summer, he took to the Amtrak for a month, interviewing strangers and writing towards what he hopes will become the next great American novel. Looking to foster deeper dialogue across cultures, Toby is excited to immerse himself in Indonesian society, learn from its innovative spirit, and embrace the rhythms of daily life in Jogja.

What have been our best experiences in Jogja?
- Hanging out in the burjo andeska. 
- Artjog night with Riki + local friends
- Listening to Adarsh and Steffan riff off about islamic syncretism
