Woke up and showered. Lean. Drink water saja. Went out to dimsum with Aboo and Gonggong. Left for Shenzhen, crossed the border. There is only barbed wire on the HK side. Met dad at the underground. White and blue, our jeans our shirt, the sky the clouds. Remember add/drop. Could probably work out early grad if we wanted to. 50 pushups. Get work done on pathfinder/sherpa tmr. 22 days left. Today was kind of a cheat day.

CLASSES to graduate:
Econometrics: Intro to Econometrics ECON 11020
Micro Method: Introductory Game Theory ECON 10700
Macro Method:Introduction to Macroeconomic Analysis: A Data Driven Approach ECON 1330
ECON Elective: Evolution and Economics of Human Behavior ECON 14810

Vonnegut ENGL 28145 (Brook Ziporyn)
Golems, Angels, and AI RLST 28140/1 (Russell Johnson)

The cultural protocol of Ae is : the world does not belong to everyone. It belongs to the bold.

The same architecture that we used to build Scotty (email webhook) can be used to build feed.ly. It’s a email to file flow.

[[Substack]] Time swallows all (gigante prambanan) -> value is time swallowed in objects -> value comes from scarcity because time is finite -> he who captures his time (and other’s) can generate unbelievable value.

If good startups are about derisking. How can we derisk before we get to New York? Hitting it hard isn’t smart
- working on a product
- have a cofounder
- have investors (so we don’t need to bootstrap)
- have z-fellow like network
If we can’t learn these skills in 9 months, we first look to getting a pm job at a startup? one of our friend’s

Present less fog, that’s something we used to struggle with. Retain the mental clarity that we have and give people short and simple questions. Better to pause and think when we say sth important—even when that may register as being super awkward.
