Showed up to Character and Commerce discussion section. Been a little worse for wear due to papal simulation. Kublai is extremely diddyable. Recoup and do stuff—pushups, run, [[Who's On?]], substack. We survive we are good. [[Papam]]. Afternoon. *I'm bricked* icecream. Handed our duty bag to Emma. Catholic aesthetics. Snuck food from MECHA's scholarship dinner/quinceanera. Watched the Conclave in Reynolds.

Don't say yes to stuff if not fuck yes.
Be a fanatic
Always the Messiah comes from distant lands.
Eli eli lama sabachthani.
Is this a trans movie?
If the sunlight touching the etruscan 

A million black bodies shimmering out in the dust. 
Metaphor for a good man.

Lawrence chooses John because he is John the baptist. Benitez is the son. Immaculate conception.

saturday meeting papam
- logistics irl
- how does vote counting work? to what extent can we track the votes/change the votes
- how do we play the information game? can we lock down the kitchen (bocca il pisano) and the vote counters (maffeis) so that we monopolize being able to 1. trade information about votes 2. smuggle things in and out.
- debt restructuring. can we find some ways to concentrate our debts on someone we trust so that we’re not trapped/wasting time running errands for randos 
- how are people going to vote. what are the factions, how will they combine, and who are the real tossups/going to be conflicted by the merging of new factions?
- smart ideas to make money—maybe get out of debt even before the pope is elected
