[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [ ] Chatgpt integration with obsidian journal. make a plugin that distills our journal into lifecoaching, publishes our thoughts to substack. 
	- [ ] post on product hunt to see if people find this useful ( we definly do)
	- [x] [[No Leftovers]]
- [x] Who's on

Woke up, felt serious tummy-ache. Bali Belly, Montezuma's Revenge. Postponed our classes, slept in. Moved into Avira guesthouse in the morning. Stopped by WB to figure out long term stay. Mixue matcha icecream for lunch. Renanda took us around on his motorbike. Visited a couple homestays. Dmara Kost. Went on the rooftop. The spire of a distant masjid resembled Monas. Sitting there reminded us of the DR. Called USINDO at 4. They're adopting us into the program? Showered. Build the obsidian plugin. Read obsidian documentation. [[oblifecoach]]. Control content flow. We are what we consume. The evening prayer rung out from the next door Masjid. Visited the superindo. Yogurt and probiotics to get us back to speed. Started craving cheese mad. Laughing cow cream cheese. Jogja at night. Tomorrow we do who's on. Sit in a cafe and just work. God awful work ethic ends tomorrow. Emotional management is going to make our break us.

It's like we're standing outside the glass display of a suit we want to put on. We can see it but we just can't touch it / think it through, if perception is a matter of electricity passing through neocortices—visions brought by psychedelic augmented neuroplasticity don't just make us see different—they make us see more/ so give only the shaman the ayahuasca, the prophet the crazy water. 

Ada palmer (protect our best hours)
68 days until 8/9
If we're in 1996-analogous territory, our top priority rn should be to build in AI.
AI Social: Sitch (dating), Series (entrepreneurs), Boardy AI (linkedin). [[Amigo]]
Think about a legacy company, build its AI version. 
Is dating apps a woman's game now?
https://archive.ph/7E4bv (business insider article on dating app shakeup is a goldmine)

What do we need to get out of our hole?
4 who's on episodes
summer travels
start amigoing again

[[Webapp Ideas]]: beeper keychain that works off closeness to other beeper keychains. Happn made physical.

- [x] Clean up. 
- [x] pushups
- [x] respond to usindo
- [x] Go to a supermarket tonight—buy fruits and yogurt. (6)

#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]