[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's

Last day in Jakarta. Left in the morning for the miniatures park. Reminiscent of our Chinese Ethnic Minorities Theme Park experience. A Toraja burial house. Peranakan museum. Masih berbicara bahasa Tiongkok? Chinese bapak gave Amber and us a secret mission. Lunch at a Japanese place. Changed and napped before farewell dinner. Manado. Papaya shake, corn fritters, pisang goreng. Sent off Trissha, Aurora, and Leila. Was honestly really sad. Sat on the Erian rooftop bar for a bit. Showered. Park Hyatt adventures. Up to the 37th floor. South Jakarta in view, Autograph tower like a pen lifting into the sky. Sat in the observatory room for a good while with Amber, Awais, Quentin. The trains coming in and out. Drinks at the bar, quite a nice bar. Quentin recced the Blair Brothers. The american club of Jakarta. Quentin’s mom was a member. Went back. Packed our luggage. Managed to keep the essentials and our oleh-oleh. Left our Tugu bakpia with Althaf and Gabby. Back to the face of the earth tomorrow.

A proper torajan burial requires the sacrifice of at least ten bulls. 
A bull is at least a juta. 
A Torajan retelling of Antigone? Bulls being sacrificed pre-dawn.
because the Toraja put effigies of their dead in the hills
and no more blood can be shed when the last blood of the buffalos break the ground

In the 80s the Blair Brothers happened upon the massacre of a thousand bulls at the death of the old king. Ringo of the Beatles financed their Indonesian odyssey.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]