Morning. Woke up at 7. Had a good breakfast with Bapak and Ibu. Head out at 7:40 for class. Made it on the gojek. After class, grabbed ayam geprek with Jati. One chili is the way to go. Experiential classroom. Mas Ancu, indigenous advocate, was a Sulawesi fishermen in his youth. Asked what fishes there were. Ancu told us a story about his time as a masters student at ASU, and how he got the supermarket to sell him a halibut fish head. Ibu and Bapak picked us up. Bapak got us into Prambanan, where we walked around. Stone faces, a statue in the inner chamber, the god Siwa. Met a tour guide, dressed in green batik, who spoke 4 languages—English, French, Italian, Spanish. He told us that the "gigante" atop the temple is time. To enter the temple is to go through the mouth of time and descend its tongue. Because time eats all things. Waktu matikan semua. Stopped at a buddhist candi nearby (Plaosan). Green ricefields in the setting matahari. Silence. Some locals wanted to take pictures *sama bule*. We took a group photo for some tourists from belgium. Bakmie at Mbak Gito's for dinner. Showed Bapak dan Ibu the chinese hand signs for numbers. Went to ambarrakmu plaza, hit up the uniqlo for a white shirt. Big expense. Took a hot shower at our kos. Cleaned up after two sets of pushups. Gojeked back. Our gojek driver, 33m, collects stickers on his helmet. Cut our nails. Tomorrow we wake up early for borobodur. Call mom and dad sometime soon. Talk to Paul from Polsky soon. Prereg this week.

Aurora's favorite word in Bahasa Indonesia is "tapi", ours is "satu lagi". Ibu's is "sekarang", because she always tells bapak to do things now. And Bapak's favorite is "rabobo". no problem.

Here men teach birds to sing. And on competition day, they put them in a lone cage high atop the alun-alun. The bird sings, then is auctioned off. Only if the price is too low does the bird-owner return home with it.

Visit Jogja chinatown—percinan. 
"the river is my blood"

ask chatgpt to generate a description of our article.
parameterize.
plug in transcript, convert to articles according to prompt.
