[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's or
- [x] Nish Prompt 
- [x] Move the first of our stuff downstairs
- [x] [[No Leftovers]]

Short lease. Work within limited time. Beat loneliness, beat doubt, beat sloth. Don't wait to launch stuff. Zone in this week—write some good essays. Down Ellis to class. James Joyce spent his last years in Zurich. Box sale. Dinner, caught up with Harris. Maybe Happy Ending. Ulysses was our last class of third year and we didn't even realize it. Doug told us he read a NYT article talking about the breaking of the bottom rung.

4 days left till our flight back to HK. Point run. Felt nice. Fourth meal. Grilled dogs. Salad. Knocked out a couple pushups. Showered.

Outsizing—what creates the multiplicative power?
Put extra stuff downstairs.

Giordano Bruno. Mind as epiphenomenon. 
Day in Zurich. Fondue and a visit to the grave?
The slant of the pines.

The structure of 17, Ithaca, is question and answer. A very natural infrastructure for thought development. Incredible lightness, Calvino. DFW.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7FobPxu27M

It has been a while since we've learned a language. Really mulled over the words. Pick up a copy of an Indonesian dictionary and observe each etymology. Words like gotong royong. Just as in Steven Tagle's *Notes on Looking Back.* 

Write the long work from our fragments.
Go west into the desert and you should find it.
Resolve the heart of the paradox.

Notes from a convo with Harris Lencz:
- We'll be fine as long as we continue to be stubbornly defiant. What we're seeking is priesthood, to be the embodiment of an idea. 
- Our great gamble is on the fact that we're entering the second .com boom. Learn from those who reaped the last one. Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Paul Graham, Peter Thiel.
- This summer we're working on becoming an early adopter of technologies. Integrate every aspect of our lives with AI. AI email sorting + reply. Curated feed from product hunt—yc—techcrunch—kickstarter. Chatgpt on hot dial. [[Webapp Ideas]]
- Dream business? Building the Club Med for incubators, writers residences. Ethos: distraction free, surrounded by nature. Model? Renovating Japanese akiyas, abandoned properties.
- The world is split between doers and non-doers.

Substack articles to write. 
Write on AI.
Paths to a good life:
No-vices. Routine. Be with friends.
Instagram is an awful drug.

Collect stamps money, get summer funds. [[Stamps]]
Use the money and make something.
Look into the MacArthur grantees and what they have done, were doing.
Stamps funding request
Pull flights together
Rent in HK
$7000
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]