[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's

Morning
Beach. pantai palangi outing.
talked with quentin about balinese cockfight. 
tugu's are phallic. there is one in northern thailand that is exactly the height of the old thai king. one of the only times the king allowed himself to be mesured by something.
big thief in the car. "not"
awais likes the strokes—80s comedown machine.
performative male award
the beach
picked up straws on the beach, found a bright red pepper
planted pandan plants to hold up the soil.
prickly shrubs stabbed our ankles left and right.
baby turtles. turtle racing to be swallowed by the sea.
named one
way back, people flying dragon kites in the afternoon sun. as if indiana dunes
yabiekayu dinner. nasi merah. sambal. chicken curry soup.
met pak at sanata dharma. wearing a peaky blinders cap and jacket. almost like a retired general traveling incognito
lights in the distance, up above. can't see the mountains so just the life. (gunung kidul)
hour and a half drive to mbah gitos. far out desa above wonosari.
thick medok. 
the birth of samar
three brother gods were born, but only the youngest possessed superpowers, and so he was given the earth to rule over. the older brothers tried to copy him by eating mountains, but turned fat (gemuk) and ugly (wajah jelek). their father thus cast them down to the earth, giving them shadows so that they may have companions. So now there is Tokok, who rules over the wicked (jelek), Samar, who rules over the good (baik), and Siwa, who rules over the world (with 4 limbs because he grew cocky)
late night ride back
we slept
roadside stop, super tired. ibu kept feeding us cookies.
we're really far out
got back at 1:30. slept.

first there was only the painted cloth wayang, but the javanese were smart and found ways to make the pictures come to life (as puppets) 
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]