[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's

5am wake. Went to the window to bless the surrounding mountains. Fog covered tips. @yur_mean. Cesar Ritz. Fold up the camping cot. Exit the early morning. Went out for tea. Fanling station. Vistavision. Chat's banned in hk. Uploaded all Who's On stuff. Y tu mama tambien.

Light is what defines a room. Sound is what creates space.
A pair of earphones is the possibility of an alternate universe.

Men used to jump out of planes. Men used to have horses.
A velo is the modern steed. 

Business idea: Jacuzzi on the go and nordic yogurt—skyrs.
Look into kommune in NYC. Alex Tao works there. 
"years of wandering in the wake of a migratory society"—Cesar Ritz

Morning. What do we want to do today?
Virtual
- Figure out a system where we can get daily feedback on how we're reaching our goals.
- Get motion—how to integrate our life with AI?
- Find popular products around AI are. Perplexity, Cursor
- Go through the YC listing for proprietary tools, we have to become a daily user.
- Learn about what llama is, how can we run local AI models?
	- Side project: integrate our obsidian with AI. 

Real
- Map out our surrounding territory, envision what places we can go run for the next week.
- Go out and eat at places with fam. 
- Settle in a local library. 
- Write about what's its like to have been Cesare Borgia for three weeks.
- Onion soup
- Run in the evening. 

Summer plans
- Go through the YC listing.
- What's the problem that we need to solve?
- Consistent reminders, a way to make some money
- [[Big Indo]]: buy a bike in Yogyakarta.

One room is an exercise in cohabitating. Something we've become foreign to. What can we learn being in such close and constant proximity with Aboo and Gongong? Little Dog and Lan. On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous. Segment space. Sleep and work on different rhythms.

Nobody counts our failures, they just count our wins. We only need to win big once. 
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [x] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]