[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's

Poison Oak. Slept in. Refrain from sambal from now on—what goes in must come out. Grabbed our laundry and walked around kotagede in search of a kiloan. Came upon a temple complex—the makam raja-raja mataram. Old banyan tree straight out of avatar. Towering, with birds perched atop and flying between its branches. Took a picture for a couple from Jalan Magelang. Walked back home through quaint alleyways. The shot we didn't take, a bapak sitting at the door of a masjid, again white robes, black songkok. Quick lunch before setting out to Yamuk center for the disabled. 45 minute ride up north—halfway to Merapi. Barista training program, prosthetics workshop. Guy at the sewing table stood up for us to see that he only had one leg. Coffee grown from volcanic soil. Flavour is mineral composition. Played UNO. Sat and worked. Late afternoon, the spire of a masjid called us to wander. Walked into someone's house, where a whole clan was living. Cubri and Atik called us to sit down with them. Our indonesian's gotten pretty solid. Gocared back with Amber to her ibu's place. Left our phone in the car, which began a nightmare. Pile-on, help from all sides. Our stupid chungus life, curled fetal over our helplessness. Amber's Ibu told us tidak apa apa. Went out with Amber to the Burjo Borneo to meet with Dian and Tori, USINDO fellow from last year. She's at the CLS program in Malang. Phone retrieved, alhamdulilah, showered at our kos, took the gojek back. On the side of the road, a merry band hanging out under a banyan tree. Talking by their motorcycles deep into the night.

Our philosophy is train stations. Locuses of intersection. Transitory possibilities. / Great civilizations have bathhouses. Places to nongkrong, be santai. / Once we get our first bag of gold, we're investing in a jacuzzi. Jacuzzi in a van.

Realistically, 2 weeks left of indo. 
10pm saturday survivor 
- Silver Men
- Penjual
The modus operandi: ikut dan wawancara. Follow and interview.

A good photo's like a punch. 
The walk through the banyan trees at the alkid is called Masangin. 
Kotagede is the old town. 
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]