Selalu siap. Family outing. Left for Kaliurang. Texted Thomas. Invite people to our place next year. In a pupal state. Fog over the mountains. Ullen Sentaru—batik collection from Jogja/Solo. Shrimp without a head. Stone giants. Pak Arman’s spice museum. A brutalist four-story building with a rooftop view of the mountains. Pak Arman built it just cause he wanted to. The story he wants to tell is one of spice and colonialism and capitalism. The credo was go out there and find yourself a slice of the pie. Fried cassavas for a snack, fried till golden brown, crispy outside, meaty inside. Left the museum. Drove through rice paddies. Paper cutout scarecrows flutter in the wind. Ukier Plawang for lunch. Played gamelan. SS style dishes in banana leaves. Chicken hearts. A mean oxtail soup. Bridge over a gentle stream, Aurora and Nanette dipped their toes in. Schlept on the way back home. Left for Amber's place. Went down the wrong door again, this time with Aurora. Ended up in someone else's home, but the Ibu was nice about it. Amber's Bapak's gathering was really nice. Tea with fried beef lung crackers. Interview with Mbah Gito, who gave us a tour of his restaurant. Crazy Pak Fito meets crazy Prijo to make things happen. Pak Prijo's friends only with dreamers and he's a dream enabler. 落地生根.

Ibu dian’s story from childhood. Her neighbor, the wife of a Chinese man, asked her for flowers. But Ibu Dian was scared of plucking flowers from her mother's garden, so she could only promise the freshly fallen. Because to pluck is gentle violence. 

On the way to Amber's, Aurora told us that our arrival was a good change. Thinking again about the sigh of relief on Bapak and Ibu's face when we met them on day 1 and told them that we do like chicken. Only later would we know they were glad to be able to have food with bones again. 

Mind-inhabit
- Play soccer on a big field under the sun
- Pack to go 
- Oleh oleh

Flavours to bring back
- Fried cassavas
- Soto bandung 
- Jahe susu
Architectural highlights
- Bata rastor (patterned terracotta ventilated exteriors)
- Glass blocks (skylights built into the wall)

Elm and Weth. the fishbowl breakfast club our senior year. Also grill and never the grill. Forum. Agora. EP, evening prayer.

Can't wait to get back to Chicago and ride our board. Fully inhabit the present, make it a great memory.
