[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Sleep early
- [x] Send jona video link 
- [x] Shipped jyutping
- [x] Mbah gito
- [x] [[No Leftovers]]

Woke up in the middle of the night with a cold sweat. 3:00am. Went back to sleep. Slept in. Don't know what we've got ourselves on. Decompress. Our body sore from yesterday. Ginsberg, Moloch. 50 pushups? we feel strong. Sent Bapak some mbah gito updates. Back into the flow. Had some good chicken and ice cream. 萬成. More ice cream—bulk up. Just get calories in us. The cursor flow is so much faster—maybe even worth the 20 dollars. Shipped jyutping to teach ourselves jyutping in 3 hours. We can make a move on indodict. Linkedin posted—(we’ve got to get meaningfully better here) Went outside so we’re not at home all day. Showered. Before the end of this month we ship actionable insights (build the ymal dictionary.) Goal for september is to get one product making revenue (even 1 dollar counts.) Indodict? sleep and rest up now. We’ve been talking to chat more than people this week—and lowkey it’s not terrible. 

The recap: we’ve gone farther than expected—we’re 3 shippables ahead of where we wanted to be. Do a stream where we make five bucks.

Go back to exercises in boredom. Looking too forwards is going to make us imbalanced. 

Toranaga, Shogun. Keep our plans in the heart of hearts.
青春之城, China’ selling the startup dream with a show about young people making it in the greater bay area.

[[Webapp Ideas]]: “Collapsible”—a write-or-die editor with no backspace, where “deleted” text is collapsed into footnotes. renders a document that shows the history of strikethroughs (md files?). process is art. the idea is you just continue the sentence // perfect nanowrimo crawl tool.

[[Webapp Ideas]]: Actionable Insights. What are we actually building? *Cursor for life*. A copilot to nudge you forwards. If cursor's a chatgpt wrapper for coding, actionable insight is a chatgpt wrapper for leveling up. // write our journal in (.tb), toby code.

[[Webapp Ideas]] Ernie's [[Big Ticket]] idea is hosting AI locally—think in a phone-sized structure. Ernie built himself a server at home to host everything locally because data privacy is going to be a premium in the future.

[[Big Ticket]] What do we do with our malls? How can we make them non commercialized spaces.

[[Webapp Ideas]] Our first B2B SaaS should be building for UChicago HRL. We know what a pain it is to keep track of and take inventory for laundry and linens (we've done it). Make a service that's going to help lower the amount of hires for summer housing assistant. // Also with Roompact. That shit sucks. If we can just build a tool that lets RA's and RH's better keep track of their house in a good way, it'll work. // We know our shit here and what needs to improved. // Sample idea: instead of filling forms on roompact, record RA/RH weekly checkins and create actionable insights for the house—can be uploaded straight to hrl. Probably more houses will be compliant that way.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]