Day 23. Chandra's phone call pulled us out of our slumber. Back on the face of this earth. Water polo. Team shinju after. Tired bodies. Convo with Orion. No wings but a will to jump off the cliff. Afternoon. Bartlett windows gleaming, stopped to think on the lord. Adoramus te. Went by Palmer's for a writing discussion. Tea menu, Neon Genesis Evangelion posters, collectibles floor to ceiling. Jo and Palmer hosted for 5 hours from 7 to 11. Stopped by CVS to pick up some chicharones near midnight.

Dreams of empire. Billions in racing bioengineered weapons. Colossal bioworks. All 23 horses descended from Secretariat.

A clean room is a well ordered mind is a well oiled machine. AI digital clones? What are the projects to start in that dimension? Reorder. [[Visualize]]

From the notes: 
"How do we change who we are? We change what we do. How do we change what we do? We change what we think. How do we change what we think? We change what we consume."

We ought for sure to be sexually active. That is an important part of life. 
Reach back out to our friends from high school.
Dress better, keep clean, remember to listen.

Notes from Palmer and Jo's writing discussion:
- narratives work based on author-reader contracts. genres construct a set of promises that the author must deliver on. e.g romance expects "getting together" to always be at the end. think about our confusion with how col49 ended, that was a question of pacing.
- writing is fundamentally an exercise in empathy. understanding the reader and how they might react to do expectation management.
- prose-narration is a unique skill. learning how to selectively focus on things in a scene and manufacturing bokeh is key to visual description. think intensely about pov, what's included and what's not, avoid overvisualization. these are genre basics.
