#### Must Do's
- [x] Consumer Research for Nowhere
- [x] Human Communication Readings

"Git commit glyph. Hopping mice." Lunch with Vanessa. Sold Katy on our garden idea. A new type of curated shopping experience. Goal next week is to work up a complete design brief: problem to insights to design to justifications. 10:30 interview with Blair Thomas secured for Monday. Lowkey excited for gamejam. Based Sliced Bread packet—Herbivore Cheat Day. Showered.

How do we accelerate this winter, certainly not by sitting around and jerking off.
On the record is quite literal. 

 [[Nowhere Collective]]: 
Key learnings from existing Primary Customer Research:
1. OOAK: one of a kindness is king.
2. Experience of in-person perusal is huge to most people's experience of buying handmade goods  ([[CB]]: initial consideration)
	1. When shopping online, makers conduct extensive checks to if the item has good reviews, is local, is renewable, etc... (active evaluation + closure)
3. Most people buy items as gifts for others.

Extrapolate from the experience of being at a holiday market, so much of the joy comes from perusing and feeling like one "found" something just for them (or for a special someone). How do we replicate this experience digitally? How do we personalize? Instead of a search function, maybe one is presented with a gallery of x items that refreshes every day? Time sensitivity plays into loss-aversion and items "made just for you" would allow for market. Daily refresh would also give someone a reason to visit the app daily (a virtual holiday market that someone can check out everyday)

Most minimally, a garden is a curated newsletter, maximally, it is an extension of one's personality.

[[Human Communication]]: 
thumbs up + thumbs down = thumb in the middle? it's a king - man + woman = queen problem. can we map asl onto a vector field?

Language is one of our rare windows into others. So what does it mean when "non-others" (AI) hijack this conscious melding stream. Do we fear the false soul?

Personal AI agent management systems may be next the big thing. Steve jobs + Xerox Park. Think AI + intelligent homes. 

Realization in our way of serendipitous input collection (especially our web-surfing behavior): inputs have different weights depending on the time that they're fed to us. e.g we don't think a lot when we first encounter a Virgil Abloh quote, but then we think about how it relates to our consumer behavior class, and then we watch a video about Kanye.

[[Minimal Language]]
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]
