[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Morphonyms
- [x] [[No Leftovers]]

Dimsum in the morning. Down to booth. A diet of tea and cookies. Talked with Angela. Feels as if we've come from a long pilgrimage and am ready to go back to Rome. These four years have been training, now we go back as wise men from the east. There's stuff that we write for us and there's stuff that we write for other people. It's ok not to publish. Sat in the stairwell. How do we consistently break ruts—where do they even come from. Did we just make a game we'd play? Coded up morphonyms in the digital. Went down for UChicago event. Caught up with Ernie. Started pitching our game—to Brian Tsui, who met through Quincey. Quincey's dad gave us half a ride home. Missed our stop playing morphonyms. Actually wake up early tmr. Microgoal up. We look good and feel good. Pseudocode life then baby steps—write ourselves into the apotheosis.

- Finish Nick and Coclo interviews
- Who's on merch—get YC wearing our shirts
	- host a vibecoding hackathon (we could really fund it)
- Morphonyms (UChicago parent suggested we go with morphy)
- Mbah Gito draft for bapak.
- Go back to school with a book draft of the train.

Morphonyms idea/feedback:
- Tweak the dictionary so its full of real words
- Allow anagrams.
- implement leaderboard

Once non-buggy—tomorrow—we post on producthunt/ reddit. Make a post on our instagram, then linkedin. 

Get back on the wheelbarrow / Max performance domain 心纯则灵 / Don’t be lip and waste it / We want to design MIIs (most intimate interfaces) or Alternative Personal Electronics / Let AI go for the suits, fuck them. / Take VC money and run with it. / Need a blue box moment for vibe coding. Make the app really robust.

—
Whenever we go to new york, we stay at Thomas’s in astor place. He taught us how to wear ties and talk to girls in high school. It’s been three years since we graduated, and five years since he has. Still when the Browning boys go to new york we all stay over.

The wifi name is philosophy, and the wifi password is thecave. When I went to visit him last summer off the trains, Thomas was living with Ryan. Both of them had dropped out of school to work on their dare livestream platform.

Thomas went two hours on how he was going to reform the architecture of NYU, to make a proper elevated quad inspired by the azabudai hills. He missed the exeter where no one ever knocked on another’s door—you just head on in.

There’s an old joke that men come out of a woman’s legs and spend their whole lives trying to get back in. Thomas’ small flat, where the boys cram together on the couch, is some version of that.

That’s the kind of place we’re looking to find, build, maintain.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]