[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] send dad interview questions
- [x] ask sitg if we could do a dispatch (hey mark! we're having a really good time in indonesia, would love to write up a dispatch.)
- [x] write to usindo
- [x] Pushups
- [x] [[No Leftovers]]

Leg cramp in the middle of the night. Tummy ache. First day of feeling not so good. Grabbed bread downstairs at the indomarkt. Eat clean. Walked over to Wisma. Commandeered Aceh to work. Ache subsided. Had lunch with Sarah at a vegan restaurant. Showered. Issey Miyake. Sudden rain, loud. Ramen + magnum was pretty good dinner. Met a German and an Indonesian guy who talked about race day tomorrow. Pushups. Called dad re:Schwarzman. Last time this year we were still in Chicago, had not set out on our trip yet. 

Epistolary traditions, time capsules.
Dakar doldrums
Human meat robots, is the future Mrs. Davis?
Profile post "transform"
Who do we think has really good aesthetics: 
will park/ otis gordon/ kevin dapants/ malena hallowed/ mel/ finn/ daniel mata/ nic restivo.

Third day of classes and a week in Indonesia. Here's pictures of our daily commute— One of the members of the indonesian indie liquid funk band was wearing a Chicago bears hat.

Genuinely scared that our music taste and personality might solidify these two years.
How can we do anything if even going out to buy clothes is a friction?
Stop wearing overly long shirts.
A company is not its products, its a group of people. Its a locus of talent, a species of intellectual development. 
$0 dollars made so far this summer. 

"You can make anything by writing"
15rb bread
23rb vegan lunch
100rb ramen + magnum
_
140rb
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]