Read the Indo wiki page. Map out places we might want to live in Jakarta. Get an apartment for ourselves? Showed Allen around campus. Back at Roux's. So many people from the past drifting back into view: Joe Yu, Austin Liu, Matthias Jurado, our roommate Dimitri Zarmakoupis, Sebastian Bigar Van, Eric Han, Frank Zhou. Wonder how they are? Stuart Middle, Stuart top. Went out to dinner with Sophia Emy. Take a moment to pause. 

Unproductive triggers: spicy food, stomach feels full—need time to recover. 
Productive triggers: drinking water, turning the light on.
Top restaurants: September in Bangkok, Ahjoomah's Apron Korean Restaurant.
[[10,000 Blueberries]]: organic sweeteners.

Memory is an empathy, because it extends the self. Violence is its antithesis, because it flattens:

Yan kept a football shaped pocket pussy in his room, along with a head scratcher. It was the last time we ever made a your mom joke, after Yan told us that his mom died that month. Called him our sophomore year of high school, he was at Cranberry academy turning his life around. Apparently at the top of his class then.

For Mustafa, our roommate from Egypt, our first winter in Southborough was the first time he saw snow. He went out and spent hours sledding down the hill. Came back with his hands thoroughly red. "It's cold" "you don't say!"

Played soccer with Sebastian Bigar Van, who never did hustle. Always last to leave the field, sunset we would leave before the Canada geese retake the field. Dimitri Zarmakoupis definitely sold brownies out of our room.

Joe Yu, a real gentle giant fixed up people's computers. Austin Liu put us on 董小姐 with his guitar, years before we'd meet her. 有朋自远方来，不亦乐乎!

Song: Kids by Current Joys.
Dreams by the Cranberries
