[[Keep in Mind]]
#### Must Do's
- [x] Read artifact rejection
- [x] [[No Leftovers]]

Recovered the ability to extend our arms. Lunch. Freakazoids. Lent. What would we do if we had a week more to live. Switched up common patterns—went for a tour of the ISAC. Thought the girl at the desk was cute. Settled in a Stuart Cubicle. Gibberlink. Went out and grabbed shampoo. Showered. 

Jakarta might be dead-on awful.
Outdoor movies, put on a projector and a screen.

3 millennia ago, Mesopotamian schoolchildren were learning to write in Sumerian by copying down Gilgamesh. That was their Aeneid. Worth thinking of recording as a sort of reprocessing—reliving—of which preservation is a side effect.

Shower, clean room, CB prompt. We've got to get 1 5 under our belt. 
Catch up on work today so we don't have anything to do over the next week. 
Never be sad in front of other people. 
CB Extra Credit.

[[Who's On?]]: Don't keep correct ourselves. Leave a question as is. 
Better prep prevents poor performance. 
Need a headshot of ourselves in the WHPK office.

[[Funk's Cereal]]: Retention requires strong fit. Consider attributes: gluten free, low calorie, high protein, heritage/cultural flavors? We need to win over (serial) cereal enthusiasts.

Unproductive triggers: phone scroll, jacking off, ruminating. (getting sick)
Productive triggers: going on a run, showering, going outside. 
- Leaving the bed is huge.
- Self-perception is reality.
- Need to exit the cave if we want to find the light
	- dispel false images (social media, tv)
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]