[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Send email to chong
- [x] send in invoice for TAI conference
- [x] Send email to Samara
- [x] Colin episode
- [x] Get a card for Fred.
- [x] run 
- [x] pushup failure.

 Called Chloe in the morning. Shama texted about Papal simulation. Wrote. Edited Colin's episode. Went out to eat with Will for lunch at Strings. Met up with Fred. QXY dumplings. Downright gluttonous. We'll be cast in the papal simulation tomorrow. Potential $450 in the bank from TAI—people texting us for grad pics. Entering simulation realm. Went on a run. 4 miles smooth. To work is to not be a loser is to feel good. Who's on merch (tmr if we want it to get here by 5th week. Manuscribed three [[Substack]] articles.

(I am large, I contain multitudes.)

Waste not our youth. Get out there. Be a little shameless.
Build with the expectation that LLMs are just going to get so much better.
Take the portrait.
Run read write can get us plenty far.

For our Italian renaissance final, paint a large jesus on a piece of linen.

What we told Will:
We see ourselves as hundreds of temporary selves struggling towards one common goal—each having to sacrifice some part of their hedonistic present for a greater good. 

The only way of feeling "future happiness" that you get from delayed gratification is whenever something feels particularly good, that you tell yourself that it wouldn't have been possible if some past self had not worked.

Eric mao. YC 25 "people search" [[Amigo]]
https://www.forbes.com/sites/davidprosser/2025/04/04/how-two-yale-juniors-just-raised-31-million-for-their-social-network/

The lake is a feature of this city. It's immensity. 无尽头. sine fine.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]