[[Keep in Mind]]
#### Must Do's
Tomorrow morning
 - [x] Internet art vids
 - [x] Update internet art code
 - [x] Digital folklore
- [x] Gnocchi planning.

Slept in. Experimented with marquee. CB. Warrior Kombucha. Talked to Chris from Crescent after Internet Art, he's working on a new cafe. James recced us to talk with Mark Barnekow, head of Booth's Yuen Campus. [[Indonesia]]. Nigo on Family Mart.

We cannot spend our golden years in fear, shame, guilt or regret. 
Ground rules: spend less time in bed.
Get right up and go to breakfast.

Audio editing:
- find a script based editing program
- Listen to the following intros
	- Joe Rogan
	- Theo Von
	- John Oliver
	- Conan O'Brien

[[Who's On?]] Website
Record player. Rotating circumpunct for a "play audio" animation?
Design inspo: WHPK, Kimbark 4th State
How are we going to collect project+founder info? 
Send out google form as interest seeking. 

CB:
- Time tends to reduce utility
- Myth of the big fat utility vat.
- DoD is the world's largest employer
- We're a series of people> the future may not be us > future planning is altruistic> future planning is virtuous

Internet Art: 
- King's Cross Phone In is an early amigo social experiment. A kind of supercollider to get strangers to talk to one another.
- Yami-Ichi's take the online offline. Flea markets for browsing.
- The computer seeks to be invisible to its users. "High-fidelity", "frictionless"
- Programming tends to evolve in layers of abstraction.
- Artists may ask questions, designers answer them.

What can we take from the movie Serendipity and put into ITYSM?
Hi John Sara, I think you should meet/grab a coffee/go skydiving
ITYSM can be a static website

empty shell coding: we can make a mockup of itysm that doesn't even integrate to mail. we'll handwrite the emails. think about pool.xyz
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]
