Woke up at 6:00. Left for Quentin's kampung for gotong royong. Quentin's ayah Andy used to work some 17 years for Coca Cola in Jakarta. The whole family's names on cola cans. Old cola bottles, a coca cola clock, a shelf. Pak Andy's wearing a coca cola shirt. Today's mission—painting the road and erecting flags in preparation for independence day. Pak Andy's the head of the neighborhood. He goes to ring the slit drum at the kampung common space (a wooden log hanging with its insides hollowed out). In truth, the message is already sent via whatsapp. The kampung's bapak bapak gather. They steady the flags, and reenact iwo jima. The bendara's strapped onto 10 feet long bamboo polls. Kids follow us around and ask for kuda kudaan (piggyback rides). Tobytobytobyto. We introduce ourselves as Mas Yanto. Many hands make quick work. Quentin cut down shrubs with a machete, to toss into the big fire for the sampah. The bapak sit and watch the fumes. Teh panas and tempe goreng for a snack. Pak Andy inhaled a pepper. After, Quentin's dad took us to lunch up north. Little restaurant next to a rice-field. Selat Solo tastes just like 狮子头. Followed to meet the extended family, aunts and sister. Chilled at our kos for a couple hours. Went back to Parot Srirami for a pho and a khao soi. Karoake at Happy Puppy's late night with all the tutors. Shouldn't have had a pepper with Awais. Pink Pony Club. Lost our voice a little. Aurora made sure Dian and Amber got home safe.

Pak Andy called the Chinese a struggle people. Selalu siap (always ready, like in the army), rajin (diligent) with a can do attitude. Harus bisa. He told us that the foods starting with bak (bakso, bakmie) come from babi, pork. C.f Ibu told us nasi goreng hong kong just means with pork. 

Can't quite pin it down because the jogja accent has been our only point of reference, but it seems to be rather flat, slow, and has this characteristic ngo sound. Think prangowo. 

Rice has 5 names here. 民以食为天.
padi/pari when it’s in the paddy
gabba when it’s collected
beras when it’s dehusked 
nasi when it’s cooked
intip when it’s burnt (at the bottom of the pot)

Outside the indomaret, Quentin talked about what he'd hoped for in a host family. We're more similar than we realize, in wanting to become Indonesian—go native. We're cognizant that to observe is to change that which is being observed. That's so much the case in photography. Quentin said the first time he think he broke through the veil was when he learned that his bapak is pretty racist against people from East Indonesia (NTT, Sulawesi, Papua).
