[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] visit burjo andeska
- [x] creative project planning

Belenda cream puff for breakfast. Left for class with Aurora. Napped between classes on the upstairs couch—Miwa next to us did the same. Lunch. Renanda brought us to the warung where we first had kwaitiau goreng. Judge the food by the number of calendars hanging on the walls. Finished lunch. Supreme wizard Ching Hai (of lovinghut) runs a literal vegan cult. Jati knows the George Quinn, indonesianist, author of the Bandit Saints of Java. Settled at Dou cafe with Amber and Trissha, where we got some work done. Dropped by the Burjo Andeska, Erik went back home for break. Had a chicken leg before heading to our kos. Exercise before our body rots. Met Jati at the Sanata Dharma track, stopped by Pencak Silat training. Ate with Jati at the Chinese hotplate. Otis gordon @checkpoint.pictures vision. Terang bulan after—an airy street pancake. Ibu made us some jahe when we got back. Catch some sleep. Charge up our camera batteries. The cucaracha and I are at a standstill.

[[Big Indo]] Nongkrong: v. to hang out. 24 hour fruit shops is what Indo's about. Another kind of social sphere—picnic outside 10 pm. Bapaks don't replace broken stools, they just stack a new stool over the old one.

With Russian, Arabic, Chinese, Indonesian, half of the class have some heritage, while the other half wants to go work for the CIA.

What do we want to do in Indo:
- Borobodur + prambanan
- Wayang show
- Keraton visit
- Mountain hike—Ekowisata Kali Talang?
- West jogja bike tour?
- Puncak sosok.
- Paper moon theater
- Map shop (for a map of Jogja)
- Skate park (with Jati)
- Place with a view of the sea.

Best nights so far:
Hanging out at artjog with Riki and Warisha and Adarsh and teman local
Pasar malam with Sanata Dharma tutors, Ervi, Dulce, and Dian.
Eating with Jati (today)

Burjo andeska interview.
Buy plane tickets tonight.
要请师傅，三顾草庐
Drop vanity.
Colin Yuan working at/with Retell AI?

Today: watch crossroads usa to get shotlists down
Topic 1: WB
Topic 2: Burjo andeska
Topic 3: Paper moon theater
Topic 4: Jogja skate scene.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]