#### Must Do's
- [x] See if we want to edit add/drop
- [x] Go on a run.

Dumplings for breakfast. Replied to texts. Replied to emails. Balsamic vs Chinese vinegars. Ran through add drop. Another quarter of ditching econometrics. Late night, hauled the basement figurine to the recycling bin. 

Kropotkin's Mutual Aid.

We should do the hard stuff first.
Rhea and Alec do stuff on AI.
Westworld: how do we achieve "fidelity"
AI personas of real people. How can the parameters be programmed.
Sentiment analysis.

As an economist, 
we ought to read das kapital and wealth of nations

What sort of job do we want?
Economist article > Marina Keegan deep dive 1. the opposite of loneliness. 2. it's not too late to start something  > Jordan and Unger's little paradise > Civilization and its Discontents (Escape/Oceanic Feeling) > Ishiguro's Mr. Stevens.

What classes will offer us opportunities for collisions:
Internet Art and Web Design (Good) <20 ppl
Human Communication (Good) <20 ppl
Attention and Working Memory (can swap) 100 ppl
Thinking with Deep Learning for Complex Social & Cultural Data Analysis

Booth catalogue
- Designing a Good Life? (May be full) W 8:30 AM-11:30 AM W 5:00 PM-8:00 PM Harper / T 6:00 PM-9:00 PM Gleacher
- AI and financial information  (May be full) TH 8:30 AM-11:30 AM Harper  
	- Alec Guthrie is a TA in this class
	- Must find out more
- Generative Thinking (May be full)  W 8:30 AM-11:30 AM Harper
- Consumer behavior MW 10:10 AM-11:30 AM or MW 1:30 PM-2:50 PM Harper
- Persuasion? (may be full) W 6:00 PM-9:00 PM Gleacher
- Strategy simulation (may be full) W 8:30 AM-11:30 AM Harper 
- S 9:00 AM-12:00 PM Gleacher

Artificial Intelligence, Innovation, and Growth James Evans
Tue Thu : 02:00 PM-03:20 PM Saieh 021

#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]
