Dreamt about Jacqueline. Abandon the self. Breakfast with Lucas Glickman. Went down South. Picked up our bag from Lara. Oldboy. Maybe 4000 words on the agenda today? Neural spill. Diabolical. Ran into Baltazar, he handed us a packet of peak design. Bart with Daniel and Melia. Yi Yi. “Failed lives.” 45 pushups. Showered. Finished communication prompt. Trudge through.

[[Homepage]]:
.life : we collect zingers.
.splurge : randthoughts

Alec Guthrie—"get it done now".
Do things well, but rather do than do not.

The 3% Rule is Virgil Abloh's pareto principle.
Less than 3% of DNA separates a human from a chimpanzee.
Less than 3% of code separates AirBnB from Shopify. 
The key is distinguishing the 3% from the 97%.
Determining what can be boilerplate and what requires thought.

We clothe ourselves, make ourselves beautiful.
Consume, digest, spill. 
We're herman hess's siddartha—the disk going down the plinko board, from whose vantage point left and right seem equally likely. 
But if we become light. 
@niigata0252 70s Japanese mountain bikers.

[[Keep in Mind]]: loud birds get fed.
[Theo Von, Joe Rogan, Logan Paul's "Manosphere"](https://www.ft.com/content/9f2be125-ba1b-4062-ab2d-4b2977db20b0?accessToken=zwAAAZU9jTOXkdOfK-EluhtAYtOrLUspd9sgsAE.MEUCIQCYE_ksim7CV52eM5nrWLSRhSANBFIb1DQxGCOSVudr1QIgM3q7r0pYi-gbrlQRqiOoRcfnw55aMZjRQe7C1Kpw-Xo&segmentId=9f2be125-ba1b-4062-ab2d-4b2977db20b0&fbclid=PAZXh0bgNhZW0CMTEAAaayuoFWAJsgBD8Y5KZrnhdnlRyx-znWOGCHoQvhCYuf1cE7pOWAUjrRRgI_aem_SYsoOok6elfohdTg8zq9tQ)

[[CB]]:  We paid for a $15 markup on a metal AF1 skate tool from ACE. Why? We reasoned to ourselves that its metal/collapsible nature would make the item one to keep and frequently used. That allowed its price to "spread" over a higher frequency of use, versus a cheaper rubber or plastic product. Other factors: reddit + youtube, our want for small but well-built "gadgets." Note: not amazon reviews.

Mental accounting > financial accounting.
Decisions re:the future.

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No
