Woke up in the morning. Low energy. Heard a song and thought of Gabby. Think we do miss feeling like that. Some water brought us back. Put on our lotus shirt from hamza batik. Green shorts could be a fit. Grinded out at the Mickey Ds. Published Rise Reforming interview. We live in our headphones. Nick's interview. Keep Eshan in mind. Apologies are a great way of winning people back—even strengthening relationships. 100 pushups. Microgoals. Went out to run. Called Will Park. Lowkey maybe we've got more direction rn. 11:00. We shower and sleep. Origami booklet. Vibecoded morphonyms demo in <5 minutes. https://morphonyms.vercel.app/

NO NEW PROJECTS. Just get the 2 base level stuff people can advise us on (book draft + basic product) Internalize the advice we've been giving.

[[GPT]] "give me a prompt that will turn you into my perfect copilot vibecoder. assume I have 0 coding experience, but are good at asking and answering questions. I want it to work like an origami booklet—think though the whole thing first but when executing feed me instructions one by one. we're building primarily webapps."

Our toronaga from shogun level move
- Finish the episodes tomorrow
- Ask Matteo Caloia for advice on making them good and how we're going to win back confidence (he's been reading every single one of our articles)
- Get Colin Yuan back on board
- Ask Eric for advice
- We can always keep launching. Be thick skinned.
- We want to hit the yc sphere—chirag, alex tao, otis gordon.

[[Webapp Ideas]]: amigo iteration. auto-sharer. chrome extension. Remembers what types of articles/posts/reels your friends like (construct profiles) so that a new article will prompt you "hey alec might like this article, share?". these reminders keep people close.
Even just a people docket to remind you to text them once in a while.

We only started writing seriously after the near-car crash. Thought arranging a corpus will fulfill both senses of the word—book and body. Legacy. Would leave little notes for our sister to apologize to so and so, or filter out the really embarrassing stuff before showing our parents. But somewhere on the way we stopped writing for death. Started writing to live. Because somewhere on the way you become everything you hoped for. At 2:00 in the evening, we have someone to call. 

Hormozi, consuming other people's clarity is just a sophisticated procrastination. Knowledge acquisition is not equivalent to action. We need both. / We've coming pretty far at UChicago but maybe we don't feel it as much because there haven't been dzhang or wpark type relationships. Someone our peer to press us, and inspire us.

Like to think that everyone has someone to think of when they're down. The only problem with doing that is that you start associating a feeling of sadness with happy memories—turning them bittersweet. Maybe a fermentation in flavor. It's just how time goes. 

Song: Off My Mind by Joe P
