[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Get physical cash 
- [x] Get a card (cell service)

Woke up at 7:20. Quick breakfast before we left for school. To know a city is to make repeated imprints. Lunch. Followed Fatuma and Sander to Rata Rata. Canteen-style with student prices, had lele that was quite good. Will go back again. Gojeked to Malioboro street. Nice and wide. Mall visit. Exchanged our money at Mulia Money Changers. $50 usd for 800k rupiah. Walked north to Kotabaru. The glass bottle-sellers on the street deal in motorcycle fuel. Saw one seller use a funnel to pour a bottle's worth. Bridge over troubled water. Got ourselves data for the next two weeks at Telkomsel. Graffiti outside the walls of Stadion Kridosono. Walked past Kompas offices to the Gramedia store. The dutch built the neighborhood around gardens. Bought ourselves a copy of Dune in indonesian. Read over a nice tea, met a gojek driver hanging under a jambu air tree. Behind him were kids playing soccer on a grass field, wide and coarse. Houses here are really nice. Turned the corner and entered St Antonius' church. Attended a service, caught some words here and there. Unmistakably a barn, think it used to be a storehouse for weapons during the Japanese occupation. Met Septian who’s going to be ordained a priest on Wednesday. Gojeked back to catch Ibu finish hosting her whole gamelan group. Rice flour cakes. Replied to texts. Little lime in our ginger lemongrass panas. Made a deal with Aurora to wake up early tmr for a run. Good wandering this afternoon.

Field notes from our Gereja Antonius visit (in the notebook, refill soon)

The traditional Javanese criteria for marriage is bibit- bebet- bobot 
A family looks at your blood, your wits, your land

2 goals senior year:
find a partner
find a way to work in new york.
#### Are we closer?
- [x] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]