[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's

Slept in. Christos Psychopompos, Christ, death defying. Nothing more human than grief. Can animatronic ghosts bring back dead relatives? Ray Kurzweil. Grabbed a bite at Baker. Stopped by a showing of Conclave 1458 (2006) in Rosenwald. A young Rodrigo. Saw Kublai off. Stopped by Jewel-Osco to grab steaks. Sunny breezy day. Cooked steaks up with Jackie and Vanessa. Whampoa eggs. Felt ourselves drifting again. Slept, recoup energy. Went out to run at 10. 4 miles out to the point. Crashed Mock Trial's EOY celebration. Isabella came up and hugged us, told us she was excited for us about Oaxaca. Her grandfather Ruben Trevino Trevino, a judge, lives there. Good for us to make up. Was a real regret of ours how we treated her. Listened to Bright Eye's Poison Oak as we ran back. Showered, had a fig bar, drafted a coolcat with some of our pictures from portugal. Dug through all our coolcats. We really did use to write in such a style.

Ruben Trevino Terevino. I think what we desire is to laugh raucously. Belly-out. Fill the air with the very essence of our being. Almost falling backwards, in recoil. We want that to be how we interact with the world, with others. 

- Big chef day? Go down to Jewel-Osco to grab steak and ingredients for onion soup (pork knuckle, cheese, onions, egg) 
- Write our assignments out so that we can get to doing stuff we need to do. 
- Also go run. Feel good.

Graeber, Graham, Kurzweil, Grossman. (Computer Scientists of the 90s)
Calvino, Vonnegut, DFW. (Novelists on the Human Condition)
AI is the only frontier worth fighting on, that's where all the brightest people we know are going. 
Traditional jobs will fall when its no longer cost effective for firms to hire employees.

Kurzweil's predictions. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ray_Kurzweil Put our thoughts out there. 
"You can make anything by writing" CS Lewis.
Sesame AI. https://www.sesame.com/. 
Product Review: Replit, Lovable.

Meta: this document 100 Days, 100 Days II, 100 Days III, is our knowledge and experience bank. Integrate it so that we may make good use of it—see the bigger picture and come to good conclusions. 

The loom's shuttle, jostled to and fro, cannot see the tapestry it has woven. It only sees the threads stretched before it like bowling lanes, defining the trajectories of action. Tunneling requires thought to overcome.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]