Met Sophia Emy at Harper. Ended up just working on our CB prompt. Woodlawn for a bite. Talked to James Evans. Submitted our CB prompt. Sat in Woodlawn. Worked on our study abroad. Maroon meeting. Baker. .life. .splurge. We compartmentalize. Oaxaca. Sanderson passed away last week. Scrub clean and grind. Jean Leon Gerome. Cake. Sat and worked with Lola. LA ESPERANZA DE MEXICO. Submitted our study abroad app. Ojala.

Nowhere design writeup also due tomorrow.
We may just be a couple days in the red. 
A year and two quarters to get to know people. James Evans is quite interesting to talk to—build on that.

Filling out our study abroad app and really it is quite shocking that we've circumnavigated the world and been in so many places. Thousand and thousands of miles of places visited and people talked to. From Rome to Phnom Penh.

Convo with David Ma:  In the next ten years, tens of millions of people will find themselves with money to spend. We have to understand what an office worker in Jakarta does for fun. Solve the boring problems.

[[Tenochtitlan]]
One map has always fascinated me—it’s a bird's eye view of Tenochtitlán. A city floating upon a blue expanse, two roads bisecting it in the shape of a cross. Behind are snow-capped mountains without end. Look closer and the city is a grid arrayed by canals. On its outskirts green chinampas. In Tenochtitlan today, you’d find instead the sprawling urban expanse of Mexico City—no water in sight. How can that be?

First-time travelers to Mexico may be wary of Montezuma’s Revenge, a euphemism for traveler’s diarrhea. Those in the CDMX understand that the city is slowly sinking into the earth at a rate of up to 20 inches per year. This sinking has presented enormous challenges to the city’s potable water infrastructure. 

Those who know Tenochtitlán know that the city lies in a caldera. When the Spanish conquered the city in 1519, they also drained it, not understanding its ramifications. Five centuries later, Mexican researchers are restoring chinampas to combat climate change. In an era of rapid expansion, perhaps we need to look towards indigenous wisdom to solve the challenges of the future.

Temporal myopism has created a great deal of harm for the citizens of this country.
DeepSeek wipes out market.
If no one's said it yet—ITYSM is a human newsletter.
