[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Write Lorenzo letter
- [x] Run
- [x] Pushup failure

Slept in. Ulysses. Metempsychosis by Yokoyama Taikan. Finished Lorenzo letters in Baker. We've got to write more. Shot a video for Matteo and Kai. Ate with Guido. Talked about the node map. Called Chloe a couple hours. Cleaned up our skateboard. Baking soda paste to fight rust. Pushup-failure. Went out for a run. Chicken at fourth meal. Totally just tired, get up tmr and publish Colin's article + write up memos.

Took running to realize that we are much too slow. Filmed Matteo and Kai's (P)rind video and Matteo got it out under the hour. To prep for indonesia, just start rolling. Nothing limiting our time but our negligence.

2 big plays:
- [[Webapp Ideas]]: precursor to the node map, a chain game where people +1 to form a chain. invite via text. xx joined your chain. everyone is only shown the current 5 section, and the game is to invite someone new so that it does not double back. kind of like snake, or an ouroboros.
- interview seniors with the format "hi, my name is x, my favorite memory at uchicago is x. I'm tagging x" form that chain with 100 people.

Farnese playbook: 
Borgias is Lawrence, della Rovere is Tedesco, we are Benitez.

Guidelines:
Need to be clear what each player wants.
We're underestimated—no one's our enemy, so don't make any.
We can prove very useful to people, even rivals. 
Start by committing to one side (Borgias) while entertaining others. 
Be open.

Zero day:
Find out who has cardinal in pectore through letters
On his deathbed the last pope made us cardinal for our service 
Spread that story so that it seems legitimate
Make it so that we just need to find the cardinal in pectore card
Church officials to supply the card
We need Cybo (the sons) to confirm the story/forge signature
Powerful cardinals (Borgias) to confirm our cardinalship because they think they'll have our vote

By 1st session:
Get our cardinal in pectore
Become cardinal so that people start to take our vote seriously.

- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]