[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's

Day 16. Lotus eaters. Into the heart of the hibernian metropolis. Mother's day. Iron Age Korean steakhouse. Walked around with Chester and Felipe after. THE Wicker Park. Walked back, had tea. Medical center's white scaffolding, ballooning like a ship at full mast. The Kaaba. What can we do with infinite money? How many times did we beg to be reborn. Read through the past 2 months or so—we did achieve more in retrospect. How did it fly by so quickly? Steak and eggs the grand finale. Started cleanup. Goya's wall. 

A book to clear our debts. Then money to start a project. Go sell some boxes. 

From Chester: grass are pioneer plants. Meant to be a temporary existence after a period of trauma, to fertilize the earth for shrubs and trees. They were never meant to last.

The great lawn leaves a hollow center. A bisecting path creates new settlement patterns. Think a mosque. Compluvium. 

Ideal home. Conversation pit. 70s orange. White walls, a monstera in the corner.

Clark told us yesterday that Robert Lopez was deathly scared. Conviction is not a lack of doubt.
Drop into Jakarta what do we do? Hike volcanoes. Be outdoors. Be active. Feel the sweat, coalesce, effervesce.

Come out of this year and we've ditched about every single thing that we started with. What have we gained? Doubt, a greater sense of self? a question? so that we may answer it again and again and in the process find x.

What did we learn from the sim? We need to pause at times to see the bigger picture and reevaluate.

Proposal for final project: cooking an Italian Rennaisance
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]