[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Memo for the next Millenium

Spent the night writing. Meeting Moran at 9am at Valois? Read Kiesse's med. Pulled an all nighter. Slept until noon. Read Machiavelli. Rode on to Trader Joes with Amber (on the lime-scooter). Saw Indonesia pulled up on someone's laptop, Fawaz is working on an essay about Aceh. Butter-garlic chives linguini, steak, lobster bisque with Amber for dinner. The noodles were nice. Skated down to South to sell some boxes. Sold a girl Maria and her friends 6 boxes. Saul Goodman. Stretch, sleep, write. 3 days to do everything. Showered.

[[Substack]]: D-Nik Box Sale.
"Are you moving? (painpoint). We're just here selling boxes. (value prop). The large ones are already sold out (engineer scarcity) but we still have medium and small boxes."

SynthID? https://deepmind.google/science/synthid/
Google deepmind R&D. How do we do effective knowledge generation?
If we're still consuming smooth-brained slog we're dead.

Reform our substack to write good articles.
Skating makes us much more acquainted with surfaces. It's tactile. We know the streets that are smooth to ride on and those that are not. What do we call this sort of knowledge.

We don't mind the curse of the wandering jew.
Have to pull out stamps funding.
How odd that the only way to get better at something is very simple, to do it more.
For this reason, as Ada Palmer says, novelists tend to begin at 40.
Franz Kafka's Diaries.

From our rare moment of clearheadedness, a memo to self:

Personal productivity: some time ago we wrote about the importance of having rituals to pause and evaluate. Re-centering is the difference between losing a couple hours and losing a day (to sadness, to anger, to sloth). How do we create consistent interruptions to break us out of autopilot? Our most effective ones have been: run, shower, intentional eating (no devices). Death-reminders and the muslim practice of 5 daily prayers may be worthy additions. We have never been more in need of prayer. 

Living with intention. Can't believe our for-credit business elective on ethics actually taught us something about living life better. Morality, eudaimonia, and good living comes from consistent recentering—crafting effective interruptions to remind ourselves of what goodness is. We can lose hours, we can lose days, we cannot lose months and years. That will be throwing our life away. @yur_mean should be the level of daily chronicling we aspire to.

The very best people, machine, companies—intelligences—operate off feedback loops. They define metrics, strive towards them, evaluate their progress, and recenter according to outcome. 

—
Another thing that's at the top of our mind. The life advisory board. Our time is limited, and we only have so much to share with friends. Keeping friend's close, especially in the 1 or 2 years after grad, is mostly a question of geography. Remember what we talked about with Daniel Zhang when we visited him last at Yale. Friends of intention are friends we make convenient to see. We create the structures to be with the people we care about. Go see Jakarta, but we've got to be in New York.

In 5 years, we want to still laugh raucously. Belly-out. Fill the air with the very essence of our being. Almost falling backwards, in recoil. We want that to be how we interact with the world, with others. 

We are not so innocent about our self-conception and how we see others now. We are much more jaded, critical, judgemental than we used to be, but we recognize that. We can be more genuine in our interactions in recognition of the fact that we're not blanketly open. Not everyone deserves our time. The people around us are people worthy of our time, and our commitment to them is an expression of how much we value them.
—

"How do you feel about graduating next year" Ticking time bomb. "What are your postgrad plans?"

It doesn't make sense to do anything that's not involved with AI. People are not talking about the profound job-loss and social restructuring about to happen in the next five years. 5 days ago, NYT guest op-ed, Aneesh Raman Linkedin, "bottom rung of the career ladder breaking." https://www.nytimes.com/2025/05/19/opinion/linkedin-ai-entry-level-jobs.html. There is no such thing as an industry safe from AI (is there any industry unchanged by the internet?) One can't just "do things right" anymore. Most employees are not going to be cost effective for firms (c.f Kapital), and firms have no loyalty to employees because their loyalty are to shareholders. On the other hand, Sam Altman believes we're going to see the first solopreneur billion dollar company next year: https://www.forbes.com/sites/michaelashley/2025/02/17/the-future-is-solo-ai-is-creating-billion-dollar-one-person-companies/. 

As much as we love media, story creation, media is not a viable industry anymore. Google Veo 3 release yesterday means that the already saturated media-market is going to be absolutely flooded. We have to build something that directly participates in the AI pipeline. This could be data processing, infrastructure, or interface. The soil, the trunk, or the leaves. 

The smartest decision we've made has been to deviate from traditional careers as much as possible and gain unorthodox experiences. We stand by it. "Why no plan B?" Plan B is not worth thinking about. Though our play is conditional on building something  people want.

Paper from Alex Zou. Three traits definitional to success: intelligence (we have some of this), conscientiousness (we excel in this), emotional stability (we absolutely suck at this). If we fix our emotional stability—fix the three body problem—we can be consistent enough to build something great and to keep working on it.
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S019188692400415X#:~:text=These%20findings%20align%20with%20the,mean%20across%20all%20three%20dimensions.

—

Coolcat:

I once read from an article that the people of Bhutan are the happiest people in the world, because they think about death five times a day. The idea is that because the Bhutanese think about death so often, they never forget to live. The article advertised an app that I ended up downloading. 5 times a day I would receive a notification reminding me that I was going to die, and I'd open up the app to a quote from c.s lewis or someone else. Over time, it became pretty hard for me to believe that I was actually going to die, but I cannot understate the number of times it drove me to make good choices.

I remember explaining this app to my friend Claudia over dinner. It's such a silly idea but it works. It made me more patient with my mom. It made me realize that pulling up to the function is important, because your friends do miss you in your absence. 
—

I feel like I'm ending my third year of college in a pretty weird place. I looked around the other day and realized that I'm doing none of the things that I started college off with. One of the hardest things for me to come to terms with is that I'm not going to be an RA next year, which really messes with my head. Will I really be going home at the end of the day, if I don't end up running into Lola and Thomas on 9 and end up playing protobowl until 1?

The other effect of leaving people and roles behind is that it's blown apart theories I've had about about who I am. If I am not what I do, or the people I'm with, who I am? I can't say that I've come to a good answer to the question, but at least I've started to think about it. At the end of the day, it's possible that the question might not matter. Do I really need to embody an idea, or just a kind of openness?

—
I'm seeing all these EOY reflections on here from Kiesse and Angela and Eamin and I really appreciate them, often because of how much I empathize. It's reassuring to me that I still think similarly to these people I admire so much, and that I still think just as deeply as I did when I started college.

I really like writing because it gives me pause and the opportunity to be more of myself. As I look back at these last couple of years, I think I've done a pretty good job. I am everything I liked a