Dimsum with Aboo and Gonggong. Followed them to 買餸. A stereo on loop has replaced the hawker’s yell. Sheung shui to shenzhen. Grinded out at Naixue. Use MCPs. Switched gears and read for a bit. Noodles for lunch. Set an hour timer to climb. There's a foot path on the first floor that's quite fun to do—no hands. Did our first overhang route. Straight arms make good work. Pullups. Came back home and showered. FIxed up the aircon. Fixed pathfinder—sent over v1 to Thomas. Keep working. Prereg course pinger? Situational Awareness: The Decade Ahead (we might just get a year of runway, but almost everyone only has a year of runway.) Chloe called. Sleep, go climb tmr. Work on extension. Check out: https://gumroad.com/

Work where it's technically hard, because that stops people from catching up. We want to make more money and deliver more value than anyone has ever seen. Think summer we were pushing round the linens.

Current issues with pathfinder:
- [x] embedding doesn't work
	Result -> can't actually rank pages + deployment issues?
	Api crawl encodes embeddings
	Query uses embeddings.
- [x] crawler doesn't crawl all pages, just sees links in the body and not in a header component?

Pathfinder next steps:
- building it into an embed. (pathfinder -> sherpa)

[[Big Ticket]] Build for the edge case. How much would Aboo and Gonggong benefit from having someone they could talk to to give them directions? They don’t know how to use google maps. Tech should be that simple —you should be able to talk to it like a person and have it be helpful. That’s the new interface that we’re thinking about—accessible. 

[[Webapp Ideas]] Cigar Collection Index (Commissioned by Dad). Maintain a live visual cigar inventory with cost, sale price, brand, and number. Import from excel.

Biotrigger: avoid setting deadlines because deadlines delegate tasks to our future self. Keep the task queue system so if we don’t get to sth today we’ll get to it tmr.
Biotrigger: we tend to write/think the most about an hour from when we wake up.

If we save days from inebriation and intoxication, save days from doubt and sloth. Manage the emotional state, pack up the cot, get up to work. 

Do we want to build tmr’s life? Work on thomas’ scraper today. Make sure we're persistent and not obstinate. Maybe a job/fellowship is what we need. Making a full product and being scrappy will win us jobs though. 

Simplify the apps we’re using. Too many flows and not enough depth.
Its ok to let people down. Chirag definitely didn't do WHPK well at all and now he's at YC.
