[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Pushup failure
- [x] Gotchu episode
- [x] Run

Woke up, went to class. Stopped by pret. Colin + Eric Harwood. Lunch with Sergio, Devin, Lucas. Gotchu episode grind. Publish Gotchu and then chill for dinner. We don't do enough we can do more. Gotchu episode only took us 5 hours. Bit the bullet on a month of descript. Went out to run. The fog, the lake, sublime. Caspar David Friedrich. Meditated on Reducibility and Immensity. Marshall's ribs. Downed the milk. Had our AI voice read Ulysses—its first words. Midnight. Stock market down 6 billion. Sidechat torpedoed our article. Will Langford told us to hold our article because he and Eitan are no longer in kahoots. Start doing Colin's. Still a weekend ahead of us.

instagram: @maskedtraditions
blubbermouth the crowley cow spanked sunbeams from the dimly daws.

What's our lifework: figuring out "social memory." knowledge encoding and transmission, not just expert knowledge but personal knowledge. 

[[Amigo]] Check out series, AI social network for students
That's exactly what we want to do. It's a human capital platform.
3 million preseed raise. Nathaneo Johnson, started with a show interviewing founders "Host"

[[Who's On?]]: Need to condense our name: just needs to be "Who". 
What's our Radio host suit.
Elevator https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psLqaSEa0uM
Lowkey not that much cutting—just needs a good concept.

24 hr coverage challenges. Borrow a gopro.
Become a better closer.

Sometime this weekend, put all of our essentials into a box. Invite our friends to come up and take pieces of us. "and they cast lots for it." Too much stuff gets thrown away at the end of the quarter anyways.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]