[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Ulysses Catchup

Day 28. Awake. again letharged. At least breakfast. At least time to regain composure. In need of compartmentalization to finish the tasks of the day. Kapital. People-watched by our baker table over lunch. Pedestrian cross section. Familiar faces, make unfamiliar. Lonely god. Benadryl, sudden chills. Papam. Read for four hours straight after classes. Dozed off midread on our beanbag. Good Ulysses. Joever but less than a month home. Paul Graham essay on essays. No shame on leading ourselves onto a Paul Graham rabbit hole. To essay is to try. We still live in the internet age. https://paulgraham.com/wealth.html. 

Design a new kind of thing. Doesn't have to be software.
We can work so much harder than the average person, focus it.
It is not a product or a service, it is an education. 

Utter paralysis. Just a little man in there knocking at the walls. Can you hear me? Emergent life. 
We get smarter by the same process everything gets smarter—practice.
Booth essays + application tomorrow.

Will capitalism end in a class war? can capitalists work together to keep capitalism sustainable?
A tragedy-of-the-commons scenario. Examine the economic sustainability of slavery.  

Episode past midnight. Feeling behind on so many things and yet suddenly so calm! Infinity in the gaps of life. we are awake. we feel so glad to be alive! how nice is it that we got to read for four hours today and can do that tomorrow. Pure of heart, things will come. Stay smiling. Haven't looked healthy in a while. Change that! Laundry day tmr.

Song: Anyone Else But You by the Moldy Peaches (Juno)
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]