Lamb for breakfast. Went out to run errands for mom. 5 miles down the trail. Nice mist, fine and clean. Visit Arhon in New York on Monday—maybe take the train down. Substack file recovery is a goat. Proceduralize. Laid out plans for this week. Def doable but going to be a lot. Slept right after dinner. Dozed right off. 

Weird to think that this past winter could be our last winter in Chicago (at least for school)
We'll never have seen the river green for st. paddies.
To live on the charity of others, to live in debt, is to bind and remain connected.
Stress less, eat well, exercise well.

22, graduation 23, new york 24, new york 25 26 27 
Same room as Zuck right.
Golden boy stay golden. Fuck the suits.
Indie snack packs?

[[Who's On?]] website thoughts: 
front page: try adjusting the episode cards (shadow instead of border). 
make each episode record shaped. 
live button for when we're on.
archive page: use grid containers to lay out all episodes.
directory: phonebook, maybe split two sides?
details pages: still need to work out.

[[Substack]] thoughts:
Complex machines: 
Vonnegut's breakfast of Champions, Ibn Tufyal and the Chinese Room Problem.
Personal productivity:
Applying what we've learned from attention and wm.
2 key facts: 1. we can only do one task at a time, 2. we can only hold three things in working memory

We've won ourselves another week by surviving our flight back. 
Another set of productive and unproductive triggers at home.
Productive triggers: running and showering. (moving outside breeds thought)
Unproductive triggers: spending too much time on our bed right when we get back. Bed after dinner is half the day gone.
Can watch severance but devote time to our tasks first. 
Spring will be so fire.

[[Visualize]] Thoughts:
- If the game is just to be way more thoughtful than everyone else, the key is to think in a structured way. This is sustained attention, planning, systems.
- If there's one thing that our education has taught us, it is how to take credit for the work of others. To work off of what we don't have is leverage. Owe a bank a hundred dollars, you're broke, owe a bank a million dollars, you're something.
- Have this inform the design of [[Who's On?]]. How do we keep ourselves in the minds of the people we help introduce?
- Three things the matchmaker cares about:
	- having both matches come away with a good interaction (need for followup)
	- having both matches be genuinely grateful for the matchmaker (take credit)
- Something about us, that Will Hu put well, sometimes we're genius, sometimes we're goofy. If we're two faced, stretched across stable and unstable eras like the aliens in the three body problem. Use systems to make use of our stable eras, plan around unstable eras.
