Get some sleep bro. Went out in the morning. Aboo going to meet her friend. Breakfast. Fixed up a new number at China Mobile. Something lucky. The air is nice, doesn't stick to us. Read Ulysses. 4.0 quarter. Trade India for Indonesos. Pushup-failured. Slight tension on our right pectoral. Xinjiang restaurant. Protobowl. Bicameral minds. The glass house at New Canaan. Finn texted, we might be subletting from her. 5429 S Greenwood is pretty good.

104 days of summer vacation. Phineas and Ferb.
One thing we can always do is read.
We already look better than what we did a month ago.
Lessons from ada palmer

In the days following the printing press, the second most printed book, after the bible, was the farmer's almanac. People want to know! Technologies accelerate information flow. 

Brain development works off of pruning. The brain grows excess neural matter, before apoptosis, programmed cell death, trim off surplus connections.

Pick from the tap. If we don't know what's good, YC does.

What do we want to be at the end of this summer?
Outer objectives: 
- have something we're doing that makes money for us
	- be tech-versed
		- be a user of all early tools
			- Intelligent document search.
			- AI generated flashcards
			- producthunt, zapier, perplexity
- finish writing that book we've been talking about
	- put words on paper
		- read books
- live with adventure in indonesia—have some friends there that we hang out with and hike volcanoes and stuff
- speak good indonesian
- take cool pictures and make cool videos that we can be proud of.
Inner objectives: 
- feel fulfilled and have a clear direction after we graduate
- spend a good time with family
