[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Mbah Gito
- [x] Clean house
- [x] Go climb

Woke up. Packed up the cot. Shaved. Shipped Mbah Gito draft to our host dad. Felt good to send it out. Midday. Our year of 21 has been a pretty good year. Takeshi Kaneshiro. Sortes vergilianae. Cleaned up our things for mom’s arrival tomorrow. Took the afternoon train to Shenzhen. Libgened Shadi Bartsch’s translation of the Aeneid. 奈雪的茶. Climbed. Shoulder feeling a little pinched so we got on the balancing board. Felt like riding our skateboard again. Read three books of the Aeneid, cried at Troy’s burning. Frigid members. Took the train down to have dinner with Nolan. He spent the summer in India. Walked about after and took the ferry back and forth between TST and central. Knowledge versus action. Clocked Arundhati Roy's the God of Small Things in his luggage. Train home past midnight. Shower and sleep. Ship actionable insights tmr. Less talk more do.

[[Big Ticket]]: we design the shell for the ai soul. The MII in which everyone will interact with AI.

Tweak actionable insights
our chatgpt system is already pretty good, what can we do to improve on it.
1. save all daily entries as a source to draw from (yaml matter provides long term tracking)
2. nudge system works consistently (likely to suggest the optimal nudge every time )
3. capture -> queue -> feed system (almost like a kanban except we want our output to just be one nudge)
4. ability to define/configure long time goals (month/year/5years/life) so that nudges always move us forward in those directions
Ideal user emotional flow:
- I have so many things I’m thinking of, I’m manic/lost/unfocused/frustrated/in a rut -> nudge -> I’m reset and working on an action.
- I’m in a mood for reflection -> browse journal entries -> configure long term goals -> I’ve come so far and know where I’m going
App changes to make the above possible:
1. actual backend (upstash redis?) 
2. file to encode context for nudges (long term direction + recent journal entries)
3. script to save and cue tasks and nudges
4. ui update: homepage to host all journal entries + ability to configure long term goals

Don't think about doing a lot of stuff but doing the right stuff.
- Go climb
- Actionable insights.
- Collapsible writing editor.
- UChicago friendship diagram 
- Playpen.

Wash our own clothes and go out to eat with aboo and gonggong. Month left.

Still Troy is burning, and Ceusa's fleeting shade, our father is on our shoulders. 

Choose the top three things we want to work on and cross out two of them. We work on the remaining one.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]