[[Keep in Mind]]
#### Must Do's
- [x] Run
- [x] Pushup-failure rotation

Morning. Cobbled together a guest interest form for Who's On? Updated the Linkedin. Moved to Bart. Grabbed lunch with Claire. CNVC. Dinner out at Ajoomah's kitchen with Team Chong. Chong told us that he read our medium essays. Went out on a run. Pushup-failure rotation. Breakfast at Roux's tomorrow.

CNVC notes: 
Shelf-life: an extra month is an extra million. [[Funk's Cereal]] ginger snaps.
Text Guido. Would be cool to get a uchicago-genie-esque for [[Who's On?]] directory.
Check the AI integrated alumni search engine at Berkeley.
Hyper-technical startups may require considerations re: science communication.

Make concrete one possible future. "Host"
What will they say of us? (c.f Todd Hearon's Roman Room in Poetry Issue June 2008)
3 Jumps to make our name (1st jump in college. 2nd jump after we sell our first company. 3rd jump in old age)

If we're not convinced of our ability to metamorphize, look back at 3 years ago when we first started writing. Each day is one letter to ourselves.

'The admission process is simply a psychological screening to identify these future high achievers. Unusual risk-taking at a young age—coupled with demonstrated competence through test scores, grades, and extracurriculars—are indicators of future success. I knew that admission officers would identify that, consciously or subconsciously, and that I could beat the odds placed against me because I’m white."— Daniel Schmidt.
#### Are we closer?
- [x] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]