[[Keep in Mind]]
#### Must Do's
- [x] CB Prompt
- [x] Swim + workout
- [x] [[No Leftovers]]

Make quick work. We are not our clothes. Submitted our CB Prompt. Class. Senegal, Liberia. Ebbinghaus' experiments. Met with Ferrara on the 5th floor of green. Hidden compartment atop the staircase. Grabbed some food at Baker. WHPK studio access restored. Who's on. Interviewed Colin. Maroon meeting, Lainey used to work at the Lincoln Park Zoo, spent the summer researching blue herons. Birders' neck. Swim meet, 40 second 50yd fly, we did try. Followed Kublai's pull day. Got real. So many people working to make their lives better—we have to be a little bolder.

[[Siloed Mind]], [[Substack]], [[Amigo]]: In a way we are all Trafaldamorians. Everything that was, always will be. cf Freud's Rome, eternal city—memory is the city always building atop itself. Nothing is ever lost, just no longer indexed. Awh and Vogel certainly think so. Think of preservation as communication along the temporal axis. Retrieval may in fact be reconstruction; the image made real is the thing.

Notes from convo with Colin: destructive elucidation. writing simulates the process of going from ambiguity to clarity. Start always with a problem statement.

It seems a bad use of time to be sad with someone whose company we enjoy.
As always, fck your nice suits.

Extra CB: 
Wendy's new advert campaign with Macdonalds. 
The reason why things are not built is because people are lazy.

[[Who's On?]] Merch: 
Front: upper right logo
Back: one big question mark
Season 1 edition

What is the structure of a [[Who's On?]] show?
People — Product/Service — Business (BTS) — Audience Questions.
"Hello, hello, hello? You're listening to WHPK 88.5 FM, the pride of the south side.
Welcome back to Who's On. I'm Toby, and who's on this week is X"

Who's listening to podcasts? People who can't watch a video while they work.

#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]
