Clean start. 8:00am wake. Did pushups. Eggs for Breakfast. Upload notes. Lunch with Serg after Character and Commerce. Tabled for Sliced Bread. So bright and nice out. Henrik Karlsson's Escape Flatland. @junggarments is a princeton grad—crazy stuff. Slept. Ordered WHPK hats and merch. Masculine tendency to want to reorganize our life in bursts. Out on a run. Into the storm. Clock that wind! Drenched in seafoam. [[Papam]]. Military commands, frozen hands. Sheltered in Regent's market. Pope caught up with us. End of an era. Lamb, lion, viper, dagger. Corella talked us out of blazing glory, spending the rest of our life seaside in Rimini. Showered. 

Sorry for the radio silence, flower kissing our eyes.
Modernity has robbed us of a heroic death.
Our reflection reduced to a crescent by the warping of a building.
During last typhoon season in Hong Kong. 
The lake's immensity.
We reverb with the wind. 

The sun pouring onto our pale blue jeans, making clean our white socks. The back of our hand. A warm glow along our veins, subtle ridges. Our window carves out a square by the bedpost.

Escape flatland. At least we write daily, even if our thoughts are more like fragments. The word is the corpus. Consolidate major themes into articles. Zinger economy, 200 word flash fiction. Do intentional harvesting from our reads.

—
We have this spectacular month to make college "college." The stuff of our dreams. Realize the possibilities that we love so much about this place. Go by the point. What's stopping us? Feeling sick/allergic. Pressure of essays and stuff to do? We need a good teen movie. The mechanism behind procrastination is very simple, we do not care so we don't want to do it.

As long as its not our laziness or lack of outreach. Talk less to others about our metacognition around relationships and people. Just be there—be present. That's all we need to do. If it is bildung it is kosher. Maybe its important for us to live with other people, that's what we've been missing out on for the past couple of years.

Our top experiences:
1. skinnydipping in lake michigan at the dunes + taking that dump in the parking lot
2. sitting with our friends on adirondacks back at exeter upper spring
3. kissing gabby after trick or treating together first year
4. riding our skateboard last summer down the lakefront/skating back to north at night after signing off from ida as a building manager.
5. running with bango brothers along the presidio.
6. curling into bed with our grandma when we were still a kid.

Commonalities? oceanic feeling, euphoria, sense of fulfillment?, comfort, safety, freedom, actualization. 

Compelling projects: [[Amigo]]
Deobjectifcation, material tracing. made by human tag?
Object swapping, object sharing, How I met your mother's yellow umbrella. 
The chain, serendipity algorithm, see duet app. 

Learn prompt engineering and vibe coding.
This can go very far.
Best career plan: lock ourselves in a room for a day and make something cool. 
—

Failure in style is failure to be true to the individual.
Sforza is not in Rome
