Woke up in the morning for dim sum. Finished Nick Interview. Took the train (by accident) to Lok Ma Chau crossing. Lingzhan mall the climbing gym is next to the indoor skate park. Eat and work here before going to climb. Robo karabekian’s unwavering band of light. We want to become someone. Transform into light. Fairbanks Bus 142. Medici kind of generational project—we were born at exactly the right time. Felt awful apologizing. Feeling burnt but we'll get better. Climbed in the evening. Bought the monthly pass. See how our arms feel tomorrow. 

key: 
- write ahead to push momentum.
- produce then cull then edit (the photo workflow)
- cleave off the flesh and you’ll be left with the light
- maybe we get how climbing is tied to problem solving/troubleshooting like coding.
- whose opinion do we care about. 

we didn’t grow up with religion but we grew up with the story of jacob and esau. what the story really means is that there are two types of people in the world / farsighted / the man tells jimmy mcgill that there are wolves and sheep / jacob and laban. the world will give you things. but you must take them.

[[Substack]] prompt: AI rights advocacy group. 
[[Shops we like]]: 奈雪的茶, 香蕉攀岩

It is the middle of the night and we can’t go to bed because we’re just so excited in a completely manic sort of way. We want to feel like this all the time. We walk away. We try and close our eyes and listen to the frog croak outside. The way gonggong shifts in his bunk and the way he clears his throat. / We’re glad that AI’s coming over to fuck with the suits. Its about time people became a lot more creative and imaginative.

- post on linkedin our
- start vibecoding more and then we make it big
- really really get on the linkedin grind
- launch ourselves into new york
- “the cnvc may be in november but this is the best time to get started. read from x”

Maximum domain field—don’t count our losses. Definitely don’t let it stop us. Success is inevitable and we are just crazy enough.

Pipeline to vibecode every-day
Seriously think sneak a word in convo will be big—anonymous post on how people have used it 

[[Webapp Ideas]]: “Actionable Insights”
key functionality: webapp where we can upload our journal entries (obsidian md) in the format of an md or copy paste. parses it for double bracket tags to construct yaml front matter—which it saves into a dictionary. uses that information and a chatgpt api call to provide actional insights 1. accurate to what we're doing 2. small nudges that push us forward 3. inching us towards longtime goals. pays particular attention to saving: 1. songs, 2. short story/novel ideas, 3. product reviews/business ideas. 

[[Webapp Ideas]]: “Word”
your word of the day is flabbergast
your mission is to slip it in a conversation today
mission accepted. 
shows fraction/
mission accomplished.
toolbar to put in the sentence you used
then you get to view the community board of sentences
implement a nice share function

[[Webapp Ideas]]: selfie with a stranger. se challenge as word but you need to take a selfie with a stranger everyday.

[[Webapp Ideas]]: shitposter. compiler spits out linkedin tweets based on stuff that we write in our journal and gives us nuggets that we can put out. if we get a lot of response on a post we can feed it back in to train the compiler.

[[Webapp Ideas]]: “Disappear” tracks your digital footprint and directs you to erase it.
