[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Pick mom up
- [x] [[No Leftovers]]

Dreamt. Realized how little time we have with aboo and gonggong. Spend time with them. Swept the floor. Wish we spoke better Indonesia, and could still read Latin and Greek. Hobbies when we have the time. Went down to Shenzhen to pick up mom. Exercise control. Got back in the evening, 8pm. Thoroughly tired. Went out to run. 3 miles down to fan ling and back. Stopped by the track again. There's August 31st tomorrow—felt like we just won an extra day. 

August: Be Your Boy by Medium Build
July: Terbuang Dalam Waktu by Barasuara
June: Desolation Row by Bob Dylan
May: Swimmer by Tennis
April: Anyone Else but You by The Moldy Peaches
March: 梦中人 by Faye Wong.
February: Second Nature by Clairo
January: Dogwood Blossom by Fionn Raegan

[[Webapp Ideas]]: “Collapsible” have a folding animation that transforms deleted text into an ellipses (…)

What real problems do we know to solve:
- Actionable insights (our own productivity)
- UChicago Roompact Forms
- UChicago HRL Linen Inventory
- Maroon Arts pitch sorter (our parting gift)

Observations [[Webapp Ideas]]
- We can’t just solve problems, we need to solve emotional ones in order to attention hack.
- People on linkedin don’t care about some blab, they want a digestible demo. Problem -> solution.
- Twitch stream one of our vibe coding sessions where we go from idea to product, then one where we go from product to monetization.
- Step 1, step 2.

Our 22nd birthday is on Thursday. Make Khao Soi with Vanessa and Jackie at ours. // Host a point thing that weekend when we invite everyone we know.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]