[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's

Ibu and Nanette and Aurora dropped us off at Tugu last night, 11:30. Ginger chews at Jogja station. Ting ting jahe brand. Update our study abroad office. Get back in touch. Resist death. Headphone plugged in as the train dragged on. Didn't get much sleep at all under the fluorescent. Morning we're in Jakarta. Sun over gambir station. View of Monas. Contactless payments. Still frustrating to go to a store and not being able to pay with card. Checked in to our room at Erian. Gabby USINDO met us at the hotel and brought us to Anasthasia at Pacific Place. Boats in the mall. Had some malatang sweet patato noodles at Burgreens. Bower Group Asia visit. Doug Ramage. 30 years a man gone full native. Coffee, we snacked while listening to the fellows give their feedback to Anasthasia bout the program last two months. Back at Erian. Althaf our roommate. Ventured up to the rooftop bar for a view of Jakarta. Ordered in tteokbokki on gofood. Hung out in Aurora/Amber's room with them and Trissha. Watched the news—half an hour of devastation in Faza.

Chicago, Cirebon, Cirekap. Ci indicates water.
Kali means sunghai. Urang means udang.

A Chinese fulbright program? Open borders.

How come we only miss the cold? Shriveling up in the Chicago winter at the bus stop near the bridgeport happy lamb for Vanessa’s bday. We feel so damn awake and alive in the cold.

Quentin told us his bapak Agus grew up in poverty, raised by a single mom. Studied english and computer science by writing code down in a notebook and renting computer hours with all his spare change. His life changed when he landed his coca cola job, 1 hire out of 5000 applicants. When his mom got cancer he quit the job to move back to jogja. Used the money to build a house and kept building it after she passed.

—
In the dark, you can't see the mountains, only the lights drifting above. These are the coffee shops on Gunung Kidul.

Through winding roads up to village. It's almost ten when we arrive at Rumah Mbah Gito. Twice we've met, amicable face with a scrunched up face. Hari Berkabaya. 

He speaks to me in chinese. Said he used to work for some 30 years with tionghao``
Shaped like trees, kelapas everywhere. Creation of an alternate space
Mbah Gito: can I speak Jawa?

Mbah Gito points to place of culture sign.
He shows his his kris collection
and dance

Crazy Mbah Gito and crazy bak gito.

#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]