Morning. Chloe texted us that Dad might have another kid. A sweater and a jacket. Crumpled up and sobbed a little. Sorted out Indo visa. Showered. Took out the steak in the fridge and cooked it up with Lola. Mirin glazed. Went down to Baker for more food. Dogs are feet not toes. Food trucks on the quad after lunch. Summer breeze 25. Bouncy castled with Celina and Rachel. Settled in Harper to type things out. William Blake's divinity. Dinner with Amber. Born Slippy—Trainspotting. Finished writing our Canto. Laundry, showered. Stopped by Zummfest. Ethan is going to send us Oaxaca recs. Left because we weren't feeling it. Made steak for Billy. Had an egg by ourselves. On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous.

Ocean Vuong wrote something beautiful.

How hard is it to know thyself? Think that's a really good question. Don't think we know anyone who doesn't rely on one substance or another. And of course we do too. The years they run, we are nothing and everything again. Can we get rid of the noise?

Felt really sad towards the end of the night, thinking that we'd only cultivated fair-weather friends. Do people come to us with their problems? Went down to Zumfest somewhat aimlessly between our laundry washing and drying. Riding back, a girl stopped us and asked if she could ride with us because her friend was having a panic attack. Wading in waist high water. Thought about Jacqueline a little. Looked in the mirror while brushing our teeth and realized for what its worth—we like the person we are. That wasn't always the case.

If thou be born to strange sights.
Desire some flagellation from our god.
@nickcheo here for summer breeze? That's so huge. 

Song: Wading in Waist High Water by Fleet Foxes.
