[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Write out schwarzman answers
- [x] Nail clippers
- [x] meet dad at 3

5 days until interview.

Mountain view. Panic-attacked last night, couldn't go to bed. Felt scary to realize that we are all alone in a foreign country. Chatgpt managed to calm us down. Bought ChatGPT plus, let's hop into the future. Use codex. Write to train our mind-capacity and become a scaler. Pocari sweat 900ml from the indomarkt. Lachlan brought us to have lotek. Hung around WB to prep for Schwarzman. Esco cafe with Riki. Stopped by Burjo Andeska to tell the crew we're heading out for bout a week. Back on Monday. Packed, got a pair of nail clippers. Tmr we ride the train back to Jakarta. Actually did pretty good at our mock interview. Recited the litany of fear before Schwarz. Johanna's got our back. Actually feels insane to be in Jogja. What a place. Zohran Mamdani's might be new york mayor? Harvey Milk esque. After interview our real work begins. ~3 months to turn our life around.

At the burjo andeska we're still figuring out what we want to do. We dig the open air design, roofed. Table and benches. "Andeska's Diner" 

Alexandr Wang—frontier data for superintelligent agents requires marriage with human experts. Propogation from expert knowledge to personal knowledge.

Manifesto—we just have to believe in what we say.
The lost pastor of the secular church—can we resist the temptations of the desert.
St. Anthony regains his clarity of vision/ palantir "seeing stone"
YC does talent identification—that's what a people based investment strategy means.

Problem: insularity, siloed experiences, everyone doing their own thing
Vision of kinship by cultivating the right environment attitude.
Resident assistant— we like being part of a community
Train trip—out to understand a country, environment matters (the train is a microcosm full of people who won't usually talk to one another)
Came back to campus to build radio show connecting uchicago's founders. 

Tear in My Heart by Twenty One Pilots.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]