[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Nick + Coclo interview

From Coco, we're building a email-markdown-jekyll app. Bought scotty.ink DNS. "Beam me up scotty" Grinded six straight hours to build scotty. In reality 12 hours.

[[GPT]]: “Give me a prompt that would make you my big brother. I want you to become that best version of me 5 years later and coach me on how you got me there. How did we succeed in relationships, love, family, health, and independence?” 
[[Webapp Ideas]] Chatgpt on a text interface.

No we don’t want to grab drinks.
Forget our failures and forge on.

Dress better, smarter, get carabiners. Missing the cold, missing maine. Missing that new old cold. Missing chicago cold. Nice to be a little freezing, then to come in from the storm. Thinking abotu gabby. 

—
As Brian told us: we're creative enough, we're risky enough, we're charismatic enough.
The truth is that most people are lazy and unimaginative. We don't need to deal with that.

Three guidelines:
- NO NEW PROJECTS
- keep all expressions of doubt internal (don't substack about it, don't talk about it)
- Use physical exercise and movement to break ruts—always choose to go out. It will make us feel better.

—
In the dark, you can't see the mountains, only the lights drifting above. These are the coffee shops on Gunung Kidul. I’m in a car sandwiched between my bapak prijo and another lady dressed in a berkebaya. Bapak prijo is dressed like some retired general traveling incognito, with his Peaky Blinders cap and old leather jacket. His friend Pak Sunito is driving the car. Through winding roads up to village. It's almost ten when we arrive at Rumah Mbah Gito. Twice we've met, amicable face with a scrunched up face. Last we shook hands at Hari Berkabaya. Mbah GIto speaks to me in Chinese. Said he used to work for some 30 years with tionghoa. His house is shaped like trees, kelapas everywhere. Mbah Gito points to place of culture sign. He shows his his kris collection
and dances.

#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]