[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Send Johanna Schwarzman materials
- [x] Update Joe Schwarzman
- [x] Update Paul Schwarzman
- [x] Wisma Bahasa ask about visa
- [x] Emily Shi
- [x] Global entry
- [x] Reply to texts
- [x] Indonesia insurance
- [x] Run

About two weeks out. We're still in here but not in good shape. Get stuff done. Knocked out things to do. Read through Indonesia course modules—it's sneaking up on us. Stone bowl lunch. Yogurt. Played connect four with Aboo. Went out and walked around. Read more of Job's biography. Dinner, Vietnamese Pho. Schwarzman webinar. Went running with Chloe. 4 miler on the treadmill.

Thursday 11pm call Emily Shi
Sydney Sweeney Superbowl.
Portola.

Where have we been the past two weeks?
Read Ulysses in Rainy Zurich to learn that Leopold Bloom is a verified pervert. 
Goal for the next two weeks is really to make ourselves look healthier.
Go to bed, drink water, run.

Apple x Xerox Parc.
Apple's adoption of the liquid glass aesthetic (Jun 10) is a move towards virtual frictionlessness.

AI customer discovery pipeline?
Target identiification — question generation — call — feedback collection — transcription — analysis — recommendation.
Build an AI tool for students to use.

Voice, text—earbud?
Need haptic touch.
Camera.
The new will contain the soul of the old.

Things that made our life good was consistent exercise, movement, reading, and writing.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]