[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's

Breakfast. Picked up. Left for our kos. Amber came by to borrow the shower and wash out her hair. Dian read over our reflection. Our 7k grant is two years worth of living here in indonesia. Said goodbye to Adi. Checked out. Ordered a boat from sushi teh. Maneuvered it home on a go car. A silly thing to have but oh so nice. We did good. Afternoon last walk round malioboro. Masangin is an ancronym, masuk diantara bringin. Suda jalanya it is fated. It's a rare thing to be so in an experience we forget everything else-that's living. Farewell dinner and just two seconds later we're boarding the train to Jakarta. Semangat! Selalu Siap! We bid Bapak farewell. Coolcatted in the train station—gave a translation for our reflection. Lowkey so much we can talk about these past two months we need to get it sorted: religious syncretism, staying active in old age, nongkrong culture, symbolic puppetry, deep play, gotong royong, spice and colonialism, chinese— the jews of asia, america-the empire-we come from new york/rome, mbah gito's crazy architecture, javanese/indonesian seperti cantonese/mandarin, language as connection, young people's social mobility. mbah gito should be first on the list. 

Every experience is reinterpreted by new experiences. Good writers have boring lives. In jogja we raise the fight again. We're going to new york.

—
the past month has been a lifetime / the story starts with dune / the bule / white guy shocks locals / turning point in our experience here / aryo who had just moved to indonesia from canada / tamu adalah raja / to observe is to change, and everything I had been observing was also because of who I am. / The american project. / superman heart of america / no one loves america more than immigrants / gilbert loved america, danilo told us he was proud to have an american number in his phone / hope for an american way of life / meet in america 

and the chinese / a struggle people / new jalur sutra but we've been here for hundreds of years / zheng he introduced islam to this continent / in the 70s the semblan naga rose under suharto / violent purge in 98 / sometimes we think people can't seem to believe we're chinese because they like us and don't like chinese people / not here to make money off the back of indonesia / repeat the history of the spice islands / cultural understanding— meet a hard working, curious, empathetic young person


#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]