Called Will Park in the morning. Quest for Rich Brian? [[Big Indo]] The Rich Brian Cold Call: testing the human API. Pope class—the Holy War begins. Coclo on the show. Had a good convo. Dinner with Alexa. Such a great asada torta from 5 rabanitos. Try out a soup. Place was packed, would definitely go back again. Watched Conclave with the house. Schemed. Good but overworked.

Maybe its in our interest to have debt with different families—they want us to succeed to be able to pay it off. Also, we should think about the Roman mob as leverage. What letters should we intercept and what avenues should we provide for ease of use.

Pope: 
In many ways we are Alessandro Farnese. A boy looking to make great our house, in the company of people much wealthier and powerful than we are. We are looking for exponential jumps. We understand the power of good friends. We understand class, we understand hunger. We will make great our house with our sister.

Big play is to get the cardinal in pectore so we can vote for the papacy.
How do we do that: 
- Write to Borgias that someone had written a cardinal in pectore. Extra vote as a cardinal.
- Get Cybo to say that his father confirmed me as cardinal on his deathbed in exchange for sneaking him out of Rome.

Great things are made in Bartlett. 
Have to be quizzical about human psyche.
Never for money. Money is but the instrument of change (JFMG)
Start speaking in public—look at great speakers. (Jobs)

Maybe our life-work is personal knowledge collection. start with an AI life coach that texts.
Put a nametag on ourselves. @etymologynerd
Schopenhauer's porcupine dilemma.
