Last night our arms so weak we couldn't grab anything. Felt like they were going to cramp at any moment. Tenderness as we tried to sleep. Moonbeam ice cream taking off our blue jeans. Dim sum with Aboo. Took the train down to Kennedy town. Yuen center. Schwarzman waitlisted us. Give us pause. We really gonna stand down like that though? Wrapped up our work at booth. Was freezing so we went to sit in the stairwell. Met Manuel, from Milan, been in China 20 years, speaks 10 languages. Took the bus with him to central. D Pedder Street entrance—our summer at Landmark. Sydney Sweeney has Great Jeans in the mtr. Ate at Chaiwala with Grace. Learned the names of the Chikawas. Full on brain rot. Walked by the pier. Went by Tamar Park hoping to sit on the big leaf. Smacked lips in a secluded spot, rubbed her above her jeans. Grace liked our jeans. Took the train to TST to meet Aabir and Hong Kong people. Prefrosh here we feel old. Nandi Xu. Michael Ngai. Aabir called us a ride to Hung Hom so we could make the last train home. Driver told us otherwise we might be catching the N train—which goes all over overnight. Go back home and shower. 

All the people waiting on the walk opposite the D exit to peddle street.
Substack: the N trains

There’s not a lot of time to say nothing. Press when the time seems right. Don’t just walk around.

Here’s the border it’s a rivers width/ Split a family’s destiny/ The linguistic self is the thinking self/ We’re from the south but we speak with a northern inflection/ makes us seem more amicable, down to earth

Aboo keeps nagging gonggong about this and that. They sleep on different beds, and are legally divorced. But at the end of the day, aboo tells us it’s good to have a partner—just someone to hang around and spend the days with.

It’s a perennial habit of grandparents to buy way too much of something once you bring up you like a snack or drink. With bapak and ibu it was bananas—we tried every kind of banana in jogja. finger bananas, king bananas, stone bananas that have seeds in them. They’re bunched up and spread like a big fan. With our own grandparents it’s wasabi peas.
