[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's

Laundry sorted. Ayam geprek from olive fried chicken was the wrong move. Sambal so spicy it burned. Bought ourselves a magnum to cool off. Made friends with the guys at burjo andeska—downstairs cafe/canteen. Ali and Erik. Teman teman. They asked us if we had seen the news in Iran (tidak bagus). Sat at one of the long wooden tables and worked. Riki texted while we were eating. Ended up taking a gojek ride to Mediterranea, french restaurant on Jalan Bule. Founder of Gojek/education minister/Brown alumn apparently tried to implement open curriculum for Indonesian schoolchildren. Walked about. People here think we're from Jepang, and that Riki looks like Malia Obama. Alhamdilillah anek amerika. Had chocolates, matcha and jahe, at Monggo, belgian chocolatier jogja. Followed Riki to artjog. Met Warisha, luce scholar. Cool exhibits, contemporary, out there. Reza Reshalan thirst trap, 5 minute no warning. Clothwork resembling plumbus's. A phone booth exhibit with a conversation across time, Kami No Nawa. Jogja an artist city, full of lennon-glassed, long grey hair, flowy shirted creative director types. Met Adarsh, fulbright scholar, via Warisha. Younger brother Nikhil is going to UChicago next year. Met Stefan, visiting professor of sociology, French—and Tim, another fullbright scholar. Adarsh and Stefan, over dinner, talked islamic syncretism. Stefan began his career in the middle east and can read arabic. 7 saints who brought islam to Java. 7 shrines north of the island. Wayang marathons, puppet show till 5 in the morning. Bahasa jaua. When they catch people falling asleep, they break from the Ramayana into politics. "Corrupsi." Penis and scrotum quote the Koran. Pilgrims do it 7 times over the saint's grave. Part of the kraton has portraits of princes crossdressed as wayangs, dating back to the 19th century. Religious groups, the NU, and the Muhammidiyah, traditionalist and orthodox, can both be considered conservative based on framing. Riki then introduced us to some locals—May, Tofa, Altaf. Altaf's a Sufjan Stevens fan. Showed him sea swallow me (cocteau twins). All jiwa muda (young souls). Hard to tell ages here. Hitched a ride on Altaf's bike to a bar on Jalan bule. Kombucha. Listened to the band play the cranberries, they were good. Called a gocar back and fell asleep. Hari hari panjang panjang. Mindblowing day, especially as we were listening to Adarsh and Stefan riff off, and it was as if all the mysticism of the east was here. 

Stefan's bandung project.
psychology-the problem is within ourselves
sociology-the problem is with society
anthropology-the problem is with human nature
only an anthropologist can talk with a cannibal about the taste of human meat.
anthony bourdain

Made in Hong Kong x Fallen Angels.
#### Are we closer
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]