Meeting dad in Shenzhen today. Thomas Wang sent us a text. Breakfast at Cafe de Coral with mom. Called Thomas three hours walking around the neighborhood—11 to 2. Twang fed us a b2b saas chrome extension/embed we could build. Our stuff on linkedin/substack is being read. Pomegranates. Beat the master, kill the buddha. The experience we want to provide is surprise. Our startup rn is us. Dad canceled. Holy sht our crawler works. Step 2 is integrating ChatAPI. Learn difference between Neon and Supabase. Backend is king. Stuck in database migration hell. Fix tmr. Spoonfuls of matcha latte ice cream. Climb, run, abstain from dairy, spice, sugar and salt. Water saja. Sherpa is a way sexier word for pathfinder.

Concrete metrics for productivity
- lines coded
- users talked to

Our heroes: Paul Graham, Peter Thiel.
Thomas Wang, Ryan Xie, Mino Lee

We are imprints of each other?
We’re drawn to people that are straight out of a Murakami book.
Half of what Thomas was talking about is in Ryan’s article.
We’re all reading the same things—it’s a good sign.

[[Substack]]: Aeneid as a latent protocol.
Summer up Victoria peak we watch the sea and how we’ve carved mountains, we carve ourselves.
Noah Lee told us Chicago is like a finger to the sky—a human affront to god
We build and etch our names across the stars. 
Pious to the gods above, who see us at our weakest. Terque quaterque beati sunt. 

[[Substack]]: the game of shadows. dr who in extremis, hayy ibn tufayl, platonic forms, john the word, flesh, light

Notes on a call with Thomas:
Thomas is in NY. Ryan moved out to SF. Last month TWang was in China sourcing rapid test diagnostic providers. Bearish on Japan/Korea. We told him about Indonesia. We're in the same headspace about family. Tim's funeral he did go.
Aesop soap, $50-$60 a bottle, indicator of two things:
- wealth to be able to afford it
- in on the culture/lifestyle
Better kpi than most luxury brands because its a consumed good. They map out the bougie neighborhoods and not just the cbd. 20 stores in New York, 12 in Seoul, maybe not even 1 in Jakarta. 
Twang's thesis: the world now selects for autism—differentiated thinking.
Twang pushed us on our life thesis. He tells us his driver is boredom—he wants stimulus. To level up in the game, be in more interesting rooms. (cf Oliver Drazky life anchor, Will Hu’s life thesis)
For us, don't think just do. Eliminate the fluff. We're not looking for a cofounder—that's just to hedge against failure (fear-response). $1 webapp is not the intermediary step we need because $1 problems are not problems worth solving. Inefficiency is a feature not a bug with Institutions, don't build for UChicago. Blogs are instructive but right now our time is better spent coding/talking to users.
Midcurve meme: make money, live well -> what is a good life? -> make money, live well.
How silly is it to ask "how passionate are you about the dollar?"
Chinese AI movie reel spammer names his repo "money printer." 
Startups are about de-risking by breaking big problems into little problems.
We're still just 21—we don't need to worry about falling off. We just need to be able to make our something big at 30. (35 per Mclaughlin.)

What do we admire about Thomas?
He cuts through the fluff instantly.
Persuasive because he notices what we say and can deduce what we mean before we even know it.
Thomas’s dreams and reality graph (summer of our grad) may have changed us

[[Webapp Ideas]] "pathfinder". An embed/extension that helps users/grandparents easily walk through a website. Mitigates user churn for businesses. Zocdoc/intercom/google analytics-like embed. Attachable to html header.

Build for edisonhealth.com.
1. scrape website to mock out page directory
2. save a screenshot and a brief summary for every page
3. user asks a question through widget "how do I book a doctor?"
4. chatgpt api call to locate correct path by reading through summaries/screenshots
5. give you the screenshot flow/opens up the website automatically

MVP: ui that lets you plug in a website. maps the directory for you, and gives you a summary of each page

User flow: 
confused about where to go on outdated website -> click on floating widget -> how do I get to x? -> widget gives them the flow or just pulls up the right page on them.

If we do this well, book a flight to New York in October to hack with Thomas a weekend.

What did we do well in the convo?
Reconnected, funneled down to talking about practicals -> clear way to move forward. Call to action in NY. 

[[Webapp Ideas]] so many times Chatgpt blabs something that we wish we understood. Ability to click on a word in Chatgpt to have it explain it further? Chrome extension? Think apple books highlight to translate/lookup function.
