Arms sore when we woke up today. *Stress the organism*—Brandon Newbould. Experimental semiotics. Two-people: "Pupa pupa." 5 eggs for breakfast. Class. Cathey. Coalescing with Jarcher. Retrieved our phone from Cummings. Went out on a run to the point with Haley Coleman and Faradawn. Faux run club. Showered. Napped. Feasted at Jacintas. DOMS setting in.

No reason not to repost. Shoutouts are free. These little details matter.
Saul Goodman. We've got to be a little autistic—have gone nowwhere trying to be normal.

The universe grows to intellect itself.
https://www.ruanyifeng.com/calvino/2007/06/ch_12_the_spiral.html

When he hath tried me, I shall come forth as gold. 
養兵千日，背水一戰，如魚得水，東山再起

Form must match function. In poetry or Dieter Rams.
1000 Blueberries, a sweeteners chemical company
What we need for writing is a publishing schedule. [[Substack]]
Avoid idea paralysis by presenting only 1 item at a time. Adopting a paper journal this past quarter has honestly help us put our ideas down way more.

A social theory of linguistic evolution: the aim was always to differentiate us vs them—to maintain an in-group. Cf DFW's Modern American Usage. The need to learn standard English. Taboo and ostracism are two great human inventions. Cognitive capabilities developed upon this axis. If convergent evolution. Is there another great intelligence here? Maybe the whales.

[[Siloed Mind]] The circumpunct. "Loneness" "Totality" "The mind's eye." The dot is circumscribed. Definition is restriction.

"I never liked to cut my hair short as a kid. I looked too much like my dad, who kept his head shaved. He was a clean-cut businessman and hated long haired hippies. But the curious thing about father and sons is that they grow to resemble one another (c.f DFW)"

Everything Was, Always Will Be: 
"So it goes—
Freud proposed a unique model for memory in Civilization and its Discontents, he said that the mind was like Rome, the eternal city, always building upon itself across millennia. Nothing is ever lost, like in a tesseract, all buildings coexist temporally-spatially.
Awh and Vogel are researching the validity of a pointer system in the brain. In which they argue that our brain indexes every event that it perceives. Remembrance is a matter of writing down and looking up an address.
In Rome, the buildings are not lost, just the addresses forgotten. If every experience is like a wave crashing upon the shore, do the grooves on the beach really tell of every wave that came before?"

"We came from a place where people wrote passionately. Sometimes when coming across something from a friend I'd write: 'sorry its been so long—I feel the same way'. I think a lot about the tremendous silence exposed in moments like these. Some tacit recognition of the fact that we grow apart and remain very much the same. 

"A lot of our education was learning how to take credit for things other people made"

[[Who's On?]] Post show: 3 things learned for each episode. Something one can read in under a minute.

[[Webapp Ideas]]: your goal of the day is to sneak this word into your conversation: "flabbergast"
