Terbuang dalam waktu. Accompanied Aboo and Gonggong to Shenzhen again. Was the right move to wake up and get that momentum—even if we slept pretty late the night before. Chicago's econsphere trained us to be an optimizer, but there's so much value in talking to Aboo and Gonggong and following them on a day in their life (even if santai). Never sacrifice that—these are going to be the small little moments we miss. HKD 8000 monthly stipend for two is not bad. 生果金. *Been doing a wonderfully small amount.* Sweaty palmer. Banana climbing. Bouldered. Eliminate awkwardness when going to people. We're on linkedin quite often now. Back home.

Police investigate falling objects quite seriously here because of how many tall buildings there are.

Think back to how Japanese literature exerted itself onto our life. Norwegian wood about that puppy crush, longing, lost and fugue—but also calling midori and choosing to live at the end. Kafka on the shore about memory, grief, and limbo. Now temple of the golden pavilion about beauty and violence, and how like Tsurukawa, a universe that is a person can collapse at an instant with a car crash. 

Considerations: what are we indexing on? How are we measuring meaningful relationships? Coolcat is one of the best tools we have to stay connected. It's our email blast.

Seems clear to us that each civilization births its end—maybe in the form of some kid growing up far far away. At the fringe of the empire. That’s the essential myth. Time will devastate. But we will be.

[[Keep in Mind]]:
What are we doing and what are we doing it for?
Who's on interviews—a promise and to get back in the good graces of the chicago build community (important)
Train draft—we can mull through with a prof back at school (ada palmer?)
Indodict—show we're a technical builder and get a cofounder to invest in us.

Who do we want to leave Chicago with a really good relationship with?
Joe + Cristi, Paul Cavalieri, James Evans, Ada Palmer
Since graduated? Luke Delaney
Friends? Jackie + Vanessa, Matteo Caloia, Colin Yuan
Youngins? Adah, Marshall. Thomas, Billy, Aviral, Anna.

^Shorten the list. Man with a thousand kicks vs one kick. We're so clear on all of this we just do. We are slower than we thought we’d be but still good for greatness. Hit it for any age.
