[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
Put on our tailored suit today. It looks good. Dad might be more nervous about this interview than we are. Nick and Eshan made it to YC S25. {Peter Thiel, Rene Girard, convo we had with Eshan about the mimetics of desire. How to create an unfathomable boom} Work on chatgpt integration with daily journals. Seafood congee for dinner.

Obsidian plugin: a chat lifecoach for our daily journal.

Synthesize and think seriously about the interviews we conducted under Who's On
Talk to Malhar about the paypal mafia. 
Time be what it will. Only we don't lose faith in ourselves.
What can we get really fast feedback on.

On the flight yesterday we revived amigo. Learning from Jobs, a company is not a product but a people. We just need a vision to attract. So if we're building the serendipity company, what's the first product? 
- [ ] Thomas Wang's friend compass. Findme integration, ping when friend is close (2mile radius?). Tickle to ask a what's up. 
- [ ] Meals for Convos, or ... food4thought. democratize mentorship.
- upperclassmen need food, underclassmen have swipes. plan so we can hit the curve (club recruiting season 1 week post o-week) then hit winter down time.
	- Use text to match

Revive the lifeboard
First thing we need to make is a spreadsheet of when we're texting people.

William Kimani, Colin Yuan, Oliver Drazky, Alec Guthrie, Sergio, Ryan Sanghavi
Thomas Wang, Will Park, Nick Chiu, JF, Max Kastl, Arhon Strauss, Clark Wu, Holden

James Evans

Tarantino-esque hate session. Go back to gratitude.
Seriously need to get ourselves out there.
Hop in a jacuzzi or two.
Overestimate how much we can do in a year but how much we can do in 5.

#### Coolestcat
Told dad our vision of asissi. the son of a rich cloth merchant
—
tarantino hate sesh. japanese novels. rawnesss. say the quiet part out loud. we’re headed for failure.
which is sad because we have so much.
—
Suffer from mania. and then fatigue that we feel like we let people down.
Only really few people know sometimes we don't think we'd made it.
There's this awesome world inside that we want to come to life. 
We have so many ideas that kind of die in our notebook but we come back to so often.
—
have purity of experience communicate a clarity of vision with earnest conviction
—
what we're doing. realized when we used chat to calm our anxiety down. bought plus the next day. pair second brain "zettlekasten" with chat. life coach. obsidian plugin. 
superintelligence. self regulation. treatment

#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]