[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Plug who's on episodes into desccript

Electricity cut out in the morning. Woke up at 5 and napped on the downstairs couch. Maybe we'll get to live at Ibu Dian's tomorrow. Make the lifestyle changes that we want to see—we have the money and the time. Picked up laundry at noon. Stopped by Bingxue's. Worked on our episodes. Pulang ke rumah. Met Dilbert (Conroy), sat down and talked with him and Adi about religion, boys and girls, America and Indonesia. Traded Adi a quarter, which he took a picture of for his girlfriend. Dilbert showed us his bow, said he'd love to study archery in Japan. Charged up. Met Ervi and Dulce at Sanata Dharma. Went over to the Pasar Malam. Had grilled squid and a pisang goreng (fried banana was fire). Re:paper moon, found our puppet fest coverage on the official website. A local band, Flashback, played Dewas covers. Jogja, kota pakai jiwa. Dian took us home via the Burjo Andesko. Went up on the rooftop for a minute. 104 degrees from Slaughter Beach Dog roused us back.

7 hours to Jakarta and 8 hours to Beijing for 25 minutes in the hopes of buying 1 more year. 
Use our grant, USINDO.
We have funding, we just don't have time.

Find an office to go to in HK, see if we can pop over to Booth. 
GO TO BEACHES, HANG OUT WITH UCHICAGO PEEPS.

Everyone should have access to clean safe water
Accidentally intermittently fasting.
Have to do pushups though.
Trump crayon chrome extension.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]