[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Indo visa
- [x] Room packing.
- [x] Sub out room stuff
[[No Leftovers]]

Scanned our passport in the morning. Sent over C9B materials. Class out in the sun then Marx. Don't go back to our room—that's 4 hours lost. Obit for a swimmer who drowned in the Lake on Monday, IIT student. The lake kills. Packed for a couple hours. Cleaned out all the drawers. Afternoon. Luminous fog. Ran down to Jewel-Osco after dark. Biked home. Steak and eggs trial run. Indonesia summer, white lotus. Chopsticks. Aren't we grateful for an extra year of school. 

What can we spot early? How will AI change a still developing country like Indonesia?
Think about the great industrialists of the last century.
House of Medici, Rothschild, Rockefeller, Vanderbilt.

Indo we're going to eat like a king.
Get a bike and ride around
Do circles round the rice paddies
No alcohol might be nice for us.

Beware the myth of time. We won't just magically do things when we have time. We need a structure—that's what last summer taught us. Get ourselves around motivated people. Plan shit out. Don't fall into the same trap as last time.

The Greeenlanders fed their cattle rotten fish guts so that they may last the last three months of winter.

Friday 6pm: Ada Palmer dinner
Friday 10pm: Luke's birthday
Saturday: Summer Breeze + UCGEO
Saturday 10:30pm: Zuumfest 2

Remember when we went skinnydipped with Veronica and her friend at the lake end of our first year? Got there at 6 in the morning. That was cold.

Specific AI agents. Surf reddit. AZR. 
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]