6 hours with Nick and Eshan from Perspective health today. Lunch at Ascione Bistro. Pappardelle with Wild Boar and Wild Mushroom Raghu. Big learnings on Amigo. Accelerate if we want to make the big play. We are 21 now. [[Big Indo]]. Did our laundry. Lavendar hour.

New facebook is actually possible.
[[Amigo]] is back. 
- Download linkedin profile for a seamless transition
- Grab contacts.
- Make matches that seem interesting.
- but create a nudge for people to make warm intros.

go-to-market
- start with a node-map. create friendship diagrams of schools.
- collect info under nodes—quick import from linkedin or socials
- once we have nodes, we can identify largest nodes.

alternatively:
- think about how to make the personal assistant really well
- have it nudge

Series thoughts: 
waiting on our first match but kind of wanted an instantaneous match when I joined
will see how good the first connections are.

Understand what palantir is.
Don't recruit people onto [[Who's On?]] unless they ask first.
Si vis pacem, para bellum.
How do people make money in a recession.

[[Visualize]]: what are the big moves for [[Who's On?]] 
Existence—having 4+ episodes on a platform (working on this) Instagram. Headshot. Photos.
Virality—recording memable shorts (elevator idea, on a run, picnic)
Substance—community dinner (plan for week 5) + merch
Connectivity—sum valuation on the website. directory.

Personal writing: 
Substack. need to crosspost on instagram + linkedin
Organic ways of getting people's emails.
work on the substantive work (train journeys)

Fitness:
pushup failure cycles + running.
eat lean, look nice. get good clothes.
