Slept in. Called off class. Tea in the morning. Met the crew at nanamia italian cuisine. Chat to lovable integration. Build [[IndoDict]]. Grabbed a coco-water and an aquaviva at a circle K. 45 minute ride down to Bantul. Sun breaking through the clouds. Church of the sacred heart—Catholicism with Javanese characteristics. Ricefields until the day got dark. Kind of dilly-dallied. In the middle of nowhere, walked a mile between trees. Met USINDO peeps at Monggo, then Jati at a hole in the wall spot—Warung Melawan. Only reachable via alleyways. Jati brought friends from his hostel. Realized how different our Jogja experience might have been if we only stuck to Jalan Bule. Gojeked to have a gas meal at Mbah Gito's. #1 noodle spot. Sneaky little late night walked home. Stopped midway at Superindo for some Jambu Air and Tape (fermented sweet cassavas). We can shop there for cooking materials. Introduce Ibu and Bapak to 番茄炒蛋. Facetimed Vanessa. 

Learnings from today:
Work on our own rhythm—don't rely on other's plans.
We're going to waste a lot of our time if we just follow people around.
Puppet moon theater visit next.

What can't we end this summer without having done:
Realize 1 of our ideas on lovable (we did)
Have a draft of last summer + indo

What can't we leave indonesia without having done?
See the mountain (we did)
See the sea. (we did)

[[IndoDict]]:
Prioritize an ultrasmooth reading experience.
Make it more comfortable to read in for long periods of time than all other sites out there.
	Check apple books.
Preload all words to create 0 lag.

News from back home, is this the end of UChicago Humanities?
