Took a gojek back home in the morning (8:00 am). Ibu Dian's brother's here. Brongkos for breakfast. A more curry-like nasi soto at a warung dekat alun. Sleep more. Bapak Prijo is a descendant of the 6th sultan? Awful midday. Spent an hour or so at Toko Merah and walked away with nothing. Everyone and their mom was there. Stopped by Kla Arabic though and geoguesser with Amber and Leila raised our spirits. Out with the fam. 1000 day memorial service, we entered through the Keraton backdoor. Greeted the muslim side of the family while the christians were praying. Bow, and touch tips with the hands. Social challenge-hard mode. Two Americans at a family service. Queen's restaurant. Had pigeon for dinner—Sultan VII's favourite food. Be the beef patty in the car. Bapak Prijo lowkey has the most jolly spirit of anyone we've met.

These have been days of pure experience. Load the pictures from our camera.
The coming matreyi buddha will birth the next kalpa. Our era now is Siddartha.
Semar the chief. The panakawan. Anthropromorphic faces and perforated bodies.
Otis Gordon.

We take two days off and join the group in Semarang?
Owe people frequently, stay at people's houses, that's what builds connection.
Ink and paper can still be cutting edge tech. It is the lightest physical, it is the opposite of glass.

- [x] Borobodur + prambanan
- [x] Wayang show
- [x] Alun Alun
- [x] Keraton visit
- [x] Mountain hike—Ekowisata Kali Talang?
- [x] Hamza batik
- [x] Wayang
- [x] Paper moon theater
- [x] Map shop (for a map of Jogja)
- [x] Place with a view of the sea.
