[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Memo 2

9 days we leave. Woke up at 7:30 quite to work on our memo 2. Typed three pages before falling back to bed. Cried over Ocean Vuong and a cup of English breakfast. What's a good use of free will? Met with Joe, spoke about Schwarzman. Hopped in the jacuzzi at Colin's Colin Shorts. Juice with Alex Zou in the 4th floor study room. Look into MCP servers, a la Ashwin and Alex building Mint Cashback. Touched phones. 1 year 1 summer to make more. Vuong and Giancarlo Exposito both considered monkhood. 90 pushups after 2 am. 

Let the shaman interpret the visions. 
Steel oneself for the ego-death.

Notes with Alex Zou: 
Mark Zuckerberg thinks that chatbots are the solution to the loneliness epidemic
https://futurism.com/zuckerberg-lonely-friends-create-ai
The virus is a gamete. The "organism" is the infected cell.
Another run through the sim. Is the matrix samsara?

We will lose our things. We can lose our body. 
Even a photograph is just a reflection.
But a baby learns speech and speech becomes all he is—
We are fathers and sons, yeah, mothers and daughters, yeah. 

What would Mishima say to Vuong? Do we lose sincerity in narration? Do words confine or create the experience? The unit of the novel is not the sentence but the paragraph. If we write from a tradition of poetry, we'll find our attention misplaced. What is the substance under the form? Is it christian revival, is it wandering, is it—

Politics define our language. Language is inherently political. David Foster Wallace, why does it work? The straight masculine perspective, in an ironic turn of events, may be the least examined.

Morphonyms. Change a word letter by letter till it no longer resembles it. Becomes another thought. Kierran spoke to us of faulty machines over breakfast. He and his 7 siblings. Breakfast of Champions. 80 years a washing machine, called herself our grandmother, who with wheels would be a bicycle. but we are more than the sum of our parts—

Ocean Vuong is coming to Chicago Thursday—
Does it make sense for us to go?

- [x] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]