[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Email Shayna about prereg
- [x] No Leftovers

Slept in. Charged up our camera batteries. The spire of the grand mosque sits outside our window. Ethiopian ground churches. Left for Special Sambal. North of the ring road. Sat crosslegged on the floor with Amber, Dian, and Tori. Leaf plates. Mango juice. Really enjoyed our beef tripe small plate. Lele was not bad, nice little fish. Moved to hang out at a cafe at Kotabaru. UGM visit to listen to Ibu's friends play gamelan. The Javanese male head dress is tidy at the front, but has an egg at the back. Bapak says its a metaphor for Javanese politeness. Met a kid named Aryu, who's in 9th grade and had just moved to Indonesia after growing up in Canada, because his parents are afraid of the LGBTQ. Wayang Orang full, Bapak took us to see the Sonobudoyo museum. Amber, Dian, Tori came along. Wayang wayu, a nativity scene in Javanese puppet form. Chilled out at Silol cafe after. Talked bathhouses. Brief stop at Platinum club before we returned home at 1 to sleep. 

Stop the days flying. Stop the drip down the vial. Preserve the little infinity. Take sunday and plan out an excursion for what we're doing each afternoon. 1 new thing. Don't spend it at our kos.

Aryu told us that they're especially kind to foreigners here because tamu adalah raja. The guest is king.

Little lizards are friends because they eat bugs / Life, its ineluctable modality / The native overgrowth will burn away to reveal the faithful / no dogs here because dogs are kotor, haram.

A map of jogja: In the north-east quadrant of the city is our language school, WB, nearby Universitas Santa Dharma, whose track we pass through everyday. The Kos Dmara which we've been using as our personal office/nap place is a 5 minutes walk from there, in an alleyway called Jalan Nuri, which sits next to a big street called Demangan Baru. Nearby restaurants: Suburbuns (burger joint), Burjo Andeska. In the southeast quadrant of the city, Kotagede, "old town", our home is on Jl. Anugerah, a quaint street you get to after descending a small hill. Walk south and you can find an old marketplace and the Makam Raja-Raja Mataram, the resting place of the Mataram king from 6 centuries ago. In the southwest quadrant of the city lies the Alun Alun Kidus (southern square), which hosts two great old banyan trees and sits under the Keraton palace complex. In the evenings here, kids sit out and have picnics, play the guitar. Go a little north, approaching the northwest quadrant is Jalan Bule, and Jalan Malioboro, which we haven't been yet. Also nearby is Artjog, the Jogja National Museum, where there's quite a nice food court to hang out in evenings. Outside the city, which is defined by a ring highway, sits the pottery village to the southwest, and the Prambanan/Plaosan temple complexes to the northeast. Both are worth a visit. Especially for us, seeing the kampung chicken run free on the roads and the sunset over the rice fields.

Where have we yet to go? Perhaps Taman Sari is worth a visit. Xanadu-esque pleasure dome. Underground compartments. Also Chicken Church. 

We totally missed prereg. F. Forgot they were this week. Emailed Shayna.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]