[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Actionable insights
- [x] Go climb
- [x] [[No Leftovers]]

Went down to the Cafe de Coral with Mom for breakfast. Tomato beef macaroni. Crack up by the fleet foxes. Intellectual free play. Don’t have our headphones in all the time—listen to ambient sounds. Made the trip down to shenzhen. Climbed for a couple hours. We’re maybe a little too tired. Stress the organism, but climb with good technique. Got to book six of the Aeneid on the train ride back. Called dad. Matcha latte ice cream.

Goal for september: make $1 off a webapp.
Keep shipping. Run + climb + read + write.
Prove execution and we can move back into vision.
We can’t just build, we need to maintain—maintaining is the hard but meaningful work that people ignore.
Design -> get users -> get feedback -> design
No pressure, just play and win.

[[Amigo]]: Is there an interaction debt that’s like a sleep debt? Notice how people who haven’t spoken to someone in a while tend to blab. AI friends are like caffeine, they keep you going but they don’t solve the underlying debt.

Our chatgpt flow makes actionable insights redundant—jump ship.
Actionable insights v1: push obsidian vault to github—have codex run on it.
Ship collapsible first.

What would make a quality month with aboo and gonggong?
- dim sum + coming back for dinner 
- going on a trip
- cooking together
- listening to aboo tell stories
- give them hugs
- do the chores (sweep floors, wash our own clothes)
- remembering to call often to update with things going on in our life

#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]