aurora left in the early morning for day trip to singapore
woke up and we were in the only ones in the house
morning class
graduation photo
joshed around with maela
came out
lunch at ibu rita 
soto ayam
"cantiknya?"
met keumara, ugm, break between a semester abroad, last year of program
has an indonesian dad from sumatra (near medan)
visit to lake toba?
beringharjo market they sell everything
walked all around
pasar ngasem
quaint neighborhood 
kampung near tamansari
all green, pipes repurposed to grow plants. almost like coral?
tight alleyways

met jati like the tree 
burung shop
enter it’s dark a lamp above
all types of birds in cages singing
bananas to feed the birds
we’ve seen how they just put one up in the cage
walked around tamansari
when we first approached it looked like the ruin of a big aqueduct looming over the hills
side entrance, gated fence.
some guy started talking to us
showed us art
bunch of houses
jopi guy who lives right by
clotheshangers
solo adventures
entered a shop where a woman tried to sell us some overpriced coffee
becak driver let us take a photo of him, says he’s been doing this before cars were a thing, some 30 years ago.
now the becak has a motor because otherwise it’s too tiring.
he has just his front teeth left really

gojeked to cgv mall for sore: istri dari masa depan

they just your named 
that shit was so sad
good treatment though with the three perspectivies
istri selamanya
finally understood the significance of the north pole (it is longing)
the hug scene made us cry. 

back home
evening head out to sakatpapat 
sumba 
sunda
leave indonesia
bryan, fulbright, works with orangutans in kalimantan.
bagel tattoo jewish. 

it’s the architecture of the house
the family photoes
the light coming in through the glass.

will spoke Indonesian to us a year ago when we still couldn’t understand him
there is an ocean of words out there with which we could become familiar 

1st time a banana with seeds. banana batu.

dark toby
what do we do with full agency?
no worrying

white clothed we are blameless
we are interested in the photograph insofar it is a medium of exchange
a moment of contact
it’s not about framing
to observe is to change

stuff to talk about:
deep play with quentin
tamu adalah raja
american and overseas chinese identity

The merge. On the fringe of the intelligence.
Sydney sweeney jeans commercial.
