[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Reply to texts
- [x] text fin bout rent
- [x] [[No Leftovers]]

Woke up at 5:45 and powered over to Sanata Dharma. A quiet jogja in the morning, right after sunrise. Worshippers on their way home from the mosque. Arrived at USD and walked an empty campus. Starfruits on the ground, sweet flesh. 7:00 the gang gathered—Trissha, Amber, Quentin, Dian, Dulce, and Dulce's friend. Journeyed south near Gunung Kidul. Packed like sardines. Slight elevation and view of Jogja from above. Passed a soccer field with the mountains as a backdrop. Caves at Kalisuci. The sound of bats. A whole colony flying above us. Stalagmites reached down like green fingers. Went around on our rubber wheels. Top tier excursion. Let the sun hit our skin on the back of a pickup truck. Quick bucket shower before  Indomie. Three small cuttings of half a pepper. Tolong pilihkan hidup. Santai. Slept heavy on the way back—kept putting our head down on Mas Aki. Showered again at our kos. Slept. Took a gojek back home. Browsed photos. Get some more good pics. Went on the rooftop to hang wet clothes. Dinner. Early morning jog tmr. Aesthete.

Ganja Aceh was apparently a thing in the 80s. So much so that Tupac made reference to it. 
Dulce told us that when she first arrived in Java, people would often mistake her for being angry because Papuans speak fast and loud.

Trip up to Temmangung to see the tobacco farms. Then we can hit up the chicken church on our way back. Next saturday outing? Ibu told us about a nepal von java near Sumbing. Magelang + Solo + Stuff.

2006, Bapak and Ibu opened up a home kitchen to feed 75 households in the wake of the earthquake.

In our quest to abandon the ego. Where did we act from love today? There was a fly in our room that we put under a cup and released back into the wild.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]