Day 22. Man of the cloth, light raiments. Shining! Anti-dilution. Why a cheese sandwich? Submitted our paperino 1.  Lunch with James Evans. Talked Indonesia, Krakatoa and more vibrant European sunsets, preserved in the work of 18th century Romantics. Spent 5 hours in Baker. Result: 2 essays on substack. This summer needs to be the big break—we don't have time left. Will Park flaked. RA meeting and Yuen Chipotle. Meager 2 mile run, because we were full. Sit and digest. Back to the Italian renaissance, 8am wake tomorrow to work on things.

What are the advantages of Indonesia? Less privacy laws. Lots of people in need of things and willing to supply their information for cheap. Think medication, bloodwork. See James Evans' friend who used to work at UChicago's Genomics center, doing a Dallas Buyer's Club with [Tempus](https://www.tempus.com/?srsltid=AfmBOooHnyR1DqYsE7T8SCTV_HPp7pVsGubac5E3Soa5dm_1IpXC24gh) (?), manufacturing unpatented medication in underserved global markets. 

Hyundai founder stole a cow in his youth for a train ticket to Seoul. "Our people succeeded because they devoted their enterprising spirits. They used the forces of other minds. Conviction (...) creates indomitable efforts. This is the key to miracles (...) man's potential is limitless"

Strange thoughts: a lot of applications are asking us to write about the purpose of our life, but the purpose of our life is something that we haven't done yet / we are a fan of timothee chalamet because he said it out loud, "I want to be one of the greats" / father taught us to tell time by observing uptown-downtown transit flow.

[[Webapp Ideas]]: 
- intra-text AI quote finder. digs through a primary source to find quotes that support your argument. 
- music map but for writers. think we'd like borges based on our love for calvino.
- metric for evaluating our ideas—viability, wow-factor, substance.

"Sorry for the radio silence, flowers won't stop kissing my eyes. So little purple pills ferry me between lands here and there."

Act pure of intention. Does watching TV fit into that?
