[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's

10 days until interview

Early wake 7:00. Walked over to Wisma Bahasa. Arrived slightly early. Had some ginger tea. Teh jahe. Pagi, pagi, pagi. Security guard Sudirman (?). Renandah briefed us on the schedule. FDOC. Ibu Sonia dan ibu Agung. We could get the hang of this really fast. Checked out and picked up our luggage from D'Kalpa during our morning break. We are orang putih? Two Australian diplomats, Tom and Ryan, gave a presentation on ghosts. Jalan Affandi. Checked in to our AIrbnb. Settled in. Went out for dinner. Nasi Ayam bagus bagus. They do a cracked fried chicken with sambal mixed in. The sambal is goated. Did pushups. Showered. Called Aboo, called mom. We lowkey don't have a lot of time to make something of ourselves. Booked a capsule for 25 flight (Jakarta/HK/Beijing). Allen Ginsberg's dakar doldrums, our jogja jolts. Poetic output. READDRESS HOW WE WANT TO LIVE—THEN DO IT.

Sarah, hannah, lochlan, haruka.
Is Iran leading us into WWIII? What's going on.
learned today that we're considered "Orang pituh" by locals.

Daily expenditure.
15rb on Nasi Ayam
10rb on Nasi Ayam
—
25rb

Issey Miyake
Try one new thing, especially on the weekends. Would help us accelerate if we were to latch onto a friend.
People power us.

Get good clothes, take fire photos tomorrow.
Coolcat tomorrow would be nice.

Tarantino-esque hate session: what's stopping us? We've got explosiveness (libido) but also loser-drive (thanatos). We shy away from our true intentions. We repeat dogma until its meaningless. Smile. Get close to people. Start by calling our mom, dad, aboo, chloe more. then call our friends—JF, Nick Chiu, Max Kastl, Adam Belew, Clark Wu (think about how they came to visit us). Hesitate less, mull less, do. The ghosts of our past are just that, ghosts. Share our reflections sincerely.

#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]