Called dad in the morning. Breakfast with Moran. Sat in on a user-testing session for Nowhere. Finished Volkgeist's video on Virgil Abloh. The 3% rule, extension of Pareto's 20. Duchamp and Caravaggio. Spent two hours in bart. Tiktok ban coming this Sunday. Uptown to watch Plexus Polaire's Dracula with Holden (think Nosferatu). We did end up watching puppet sex, to Holden's dismay. Chipotle again.

Paul Graham's [Writers and Non-Writers](https://paulgraham.com/writes.html#:~:text=If%20you're%20thinking%20without,I%20bet%20you%20do%20too.). Maybe we ought to lean away from AI. Good writing requires clear thought. 
Re: lossless compression of memory. If semantic primes, what are mnemonic primes?

Song: Orlando in Love by Japanese breakfast.

[[Webapp Ideas]]:
- program to check for idiosynracies in corpus. compare frequency of words to standard frequency of words.
- inspo map. trace a lineage from picasso to calvino. a thought-geneology

Jack Ma—Aeneas.
https://ifdb.org/

Jack Ma 
	One day I was in [San Francisco](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Francisco "San Francisco") in a coffee shop, and I was thinking Alibaba is a good name. And then a waitress came, and I said do you know about Alibaba? And she said yes. I said what do you know about Alibaba, and she said '[Open Sesame](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_Sesame_(phrase) "Open Sesame (phrase)").' And I said yes, this is the name! Then I went onto the street and found 30 people and asked them, 'Do you know Alibaba'? People from India, people from Germany, people from Tokyo and China. ... They all knew about Alibaba. Alibaba—open sesame. Alibaba—40 thieves. Alibaba is not a thief. Alibaba is a kind, smart business person, and he helped the village. So ... easy to spell, and global know. Alibaba opens sesame for small- to medium-sized companies. We also registered the name AliMama, in case someone wants to marry us!

[[Nowhere Collective]]
Wonder if people might be willing to make bigger purchases on a laptop vs phone.
