[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Oliver Drazky linkedin post
- [x] Figure out codex
- [x] Map out how to spend quality time with aboo gongong (~1 month left)

Slept in. Think we rest our arms today. Have to eat more to refill for climbing. We’re building muscle. Dinner with Ernie. Breakfast at 大家樂. Go run. 4 long years a pilgrimage, find our way back to Rome. ChatGPT 5.0 is good for code. Coco tried scotty. Troubleshooted to format front matter properly for her. It worked. Went down to eat with Ernie. Really thought through the Jacuzzi in a van. We like ernie, he’s actually quite thoughtful. Home. We talked ourselves into Indonesia, we can talk ourselves into New York. Called Callista about 8k hackerhouse idea. Wild hiccup session choked us up.

[[Webapp Ideas]] Scotty next steps: 
1. github token configuration (don’t have to add us as user)
2. configure safe senders (authorized senders)
3. ability to configure filepath
4. ability to configure ymal frontmatter
5. replies to scotty appends instead of replaces
6. allow proper image formatting
7. confirmation email + more descriptive error responses 

Funny idea: maybe our life would have turned out a lot different if we didn't go to indonesia. If we hadn't had that panic attack our first week there, thought we would die, and had chatgpt calm us down, we wouldn't have bought chatgpt plus. 

Actionable insights
Then build aura to spite Diego Scanlon. 
We're not even part of the convo rn.
[[Webapp Ideas]] If we can figure out codex. We can find a way to use chat api to plug an agent into codex. That way it can be fully automatic, one-shot, chainprompting.

[[Webapp Ideas]] People search algorithm, personal CRM. Problem: we're bad at collecting/sorting leads in our head. We reach out and it goes nowhere because we don't know what the right questions are, or what positional leverage we have to have before people are willing to help us. For next year—what we're looking for is the intersection of YC, Z fellows, New York, Creative. Our biggest leads are UChicago and Exeter. 

[[A-team]]: 
- Will Bernau, Fay + Exeter + MIT + Z Fellow + NY.
- Dante Vaisbort, (our boss at Haylon), UChicago + YC
- Raghu, Appdev Prof, Booth.

[[Keep in Mind]]
- Keep working and we win, keep talking and we lose.
- We needed quiet to recover our thoughts
- The right thesis for us wasn't about connectivity/community. That's who we wanted to be to the world. 
- But before that, we just want to be in control of our own mind and emotions.
- Like coding, life is an emotional management question—how can you feel motivated enough to work through tough problems. 
- The climbing metaphor—technique makes climbing much easier and less tiring. We can only learn how to do so by doing it. Doing it right looks very easy, but behind it is a lot of practice.
- We can go very far if we ask the right questions.
- Don't go wide go deep.

Beat external metrics:
- Be healthy, strong
- Make good money
- Live in new york
- have a cool girlfriend.
- get rid of our pick me vibes/mentality

What are we taking from HK:
- sleep in a fold up cot in our apartment
- how to stay active in small spaces (will be good for new york)
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]