[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Capital reading
- [x] Virtue essay.z
- [x] [[No Leftovers]]

Morning class canceled. Switch to finishing Capital reading and Ulysses. We have it. We need only ask. Will microplastics make us infertile. Met with Firas over lunch, he told us his co-founder Sawiros knew us as the WHPK guy. We have good guests on [[Who's On?]] and clout. Wrote and submitted additional letters  for [[Papam]]. Sliced Bread meeting. Really stayed up until 2am to map out how 35 cardinals are going to vote.

Notes from Firas
Firas and Sawiros are building Haldune, an After Action Report synthesizer. 
They believe not in AI but IA—intelligence amplified.
Firas asked questions about readership—we should have a good answer for this
Firas thinks we should put up posters telling people about our show.
Firas also suggested that we could work with the Maroon by putting in a startups column

Notes on [[Papam]]
Borgias is lowkey trying to fix the vote
Will bribe our sister to change the votes
Borgias doesn't know how votes work
Get the 45k to restructure, tell our sister to say no
owe leo de medici 60k
borgias knows everything, including our finances.
lock down the kitchen, raise the funds
They have the orsinis on board.

Need to get our sister on our side to say no
say yes to not arouse suspiion from leo demedici

Ask ourselves what the kitchen wants. 
Cookmaster controls the exchange of most information.
If we shut that down we can get a monopoly.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]