[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Write thank you to Raghu appdev. troubleshooting + rcav + post/get
- [x] People 
- [ ] [[No Leftovers]]

Think hongkongers are cranky people. Breakfast with aboo at Cafe Coral. Rest and implement fixes. Ok to have ruts but limit them to an hour at most. Made a scotty demo video on loom and posted on linkedin. Move onto the next project. Build a couple things with chatgpt and then learn codex to 10x our build. Caleb Chan UChicago. Won back Oliver and Seth (we think), turns out Matteo has been backing us (sending emails over). [[A-team]] people search. Move fast, iterate, learn to push. We can't afford another reputation drop like what we did with Who's On. Got our headspace right. Actionable insights. Sleep in a cot that we fold up when we wake up. We are cut from the cloth. Not all are. Went down to shenzhen to climb. 桑尼哥 信仰哥. Learned route reading. Hips at the wall to save arm strength. Got back home at 11. Ate. Slept.

What do we want, can build, and realize is worth doing
hacking our body and mind to live a fulfilled life.

See how gibberlink is really simple in practice but something useful.
Build our first money-making app. Microtools that generate mrr.
Go back to UChicago with it so that we can find a founder to build a unicorn.
Work on ai to ai communication. Alec, Rhea.
Alec Guthrie might be a good cofounder. Advisor: James Evans
If we don't go for gold, what are the shovels?

[[Webapp Ideas]]: Word frequency checker. Run word frequency analysis on any file/files uploaded (take txt, md, docx, epub, pdf). Compare that frequency to the standard frequency of words in the english language to test for idiosyncracy. Test case: start with md files (our journals), give us a way to upload them, and then a screen that shows us what uncommon words we use at much greater frequency than normal—"idiosyncratic". construct a profile for that text.

[[Webapp Ideas]] Track the subscriptions that we're paying for
Icloud: $3/month
Google drive: $3/month
Spotify: $5.99/month
Loom?: we should buy this
Descript: canceled (was expensive)
Creative cloud: $20/month
Chatgpt: $20/month
Scotty.ink domain: $3/year

金龍飛 ran a nightclub in the 百樂門 shanghai. He worked with the Japanese before the war broke out. Spoke good Japanese, English, Shanghainese, and Cantonese

[[GPT]]

#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]