Called Aboo in the morning. Had lunch with William from Tiger's eye. Read pages of Marx for class. Make something heavy. Defeat fugue through work. Ran 7 miles up to Grant Park. Furthest we've ever been. Felt pretty good at a sub 9 mile. Took the 6 back. Bart California rolls. Shower. Read Ulysses. 

Watch our texts.
Over three in a row is hard to process.

Photoprompt: photograph our friends carrying mirrors in crowded places. 
There is a nobility in practicing 

Renaissance: 
During the renaissance, the literate and illiterate spheres were very much permeated. One regularly went to another to have letters read out. When Petrarch wrote to Bocaccio, hundreds between them took a peek of their letters. 

Kapital:
Accustom ourselves to thinking about sociology as a sort of biology, social structures as organisms with a cell form. For Marx, material realities govern our thoughts and patterns of behavior—not the other way around (as in Hegel)

"They are merely congealed quantities of homogenous human labor" We could be the last people with names.

[[Substack]]: 
Memos for the next Millenium. 
- The next millenium will test our humanness. Our humanness will be defined, as it always have been, by our ability to communicate. As we are the chatty animals.
- Information transmission theory. Ease of transmission due to technology. Mind world connection. Materialization of ideas. Painting to photography. 'This is the age for great writers'
- Tendency towards curation and on human generated content. Reddit valuation. Data bottleneck. Eric Schmidt google AI. Personal knowledge economy.

If we think about AI to AI transmission through gibberlink, we need a more efficient human to AI transmission interface. **Relational Glyph System**. Easily rendered diagrams that encapuslate meaning through arrows and spheres. "A picture is a thousand words"

Applying consumer behavior to personal branding: 
Ease of availability, semantic networks, decision set.
Making the decision set requires a clear definition. "Oh, toby is a photographer"
