[[Keep in Mind]]
#### Must Do's
- [x] design and print who's on business cards
- [x] pushup failure rotation
- [x] internet art
- [x] css drawing
- [x] business card pickup (hyde park fedex)
- [x] compile essay prompts

千与千寻. Showered. https://tchan1002.github.io/css-still-life/. Picked up business cards from Fedex. Ran into Charlotte and Zoe—our old RH's now live in East Hyde Park. Their daughter Margot is 20 months old. Stopped by Calvert House for Ash Wednesday Mass. Jake Woodward RA. CB. Lenten fast. Raining out. Woolly mouse: reviving the mammoth. Colossal Biosciences, 10 Billion initiative towards de-extinction. Adam Belew coming in the evening. Set up the bed.  Read Shawn Quek's article on Frats. Actually very nuanced and well-argued.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Church_(geneticist). (Andover grad)

Seth from a couple days ago: space is a fundamentally inspirational pursuit.
Jakarta may be really nice in 20 years.
Charlotte told us she still misses living cheaply with friends.

CB: U-Index of Happiness.
Adaptation is the mind's immune system. Would surprise us the lengths to which our mind adjusts after events of great pleasantness and unpleasantness.
Create a life for ourselves where we have high flexibility and agency in terms of what we do, where we can hang out with friends, and where we don't compare ourselves with rich neighbors. Move west to California. Retire in Thailand and live like a king.

To mark ourselves as a man of the cloth is to offer a constant reminder that more is asked of us.

Make a CNVC linkedin post.
A year ago. I learned that there's a lot into making something that people will pay for. that will sustain itself. Martina Insulla on a project called Trackpatch. (fly on a wall) That idea of devotion. Feature the many creative and hardworking people. Who's On.

Convo with Chloe last night made us realize for the first time that we are concretely behind. She has strengths that we don't—execution, responsibility, holding up promises. We should learn from her. Jacob and Esau, all that stuff Dad was talking about his siblings. What did we spend our time on. All we need is humility to learn, then we will not grow apart. i.e if we’re not banking in New York, we sure as hell have to be banking on life. 
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]