#### Must Do's
**Wednesday**
- [x] Prompt
- [x] Send out student marshall recs

Flank steak with chimichurri. Stayed in Baker for much of the morning. Finished our human communication prompt. Compiled a list of possible recommendators. [[Recommendations]]. Chiptune. THE ALGORITHM. Talk to people about Booth. Poco a poco, se anda lejos. A thesis on space.

Internet Art: There's a sterilization of the internet, not dissimilar to the sterilization of the museum glove—(ft Mary Beard @ Rubenstein) What's at stake is our ability to be the owners and makers of the world wide web. Today we "post", but we used to "make." De Certeau. What media do we associate with value?

"when he hath tried me"

Pierre Sernet's Mobile Tea-Room: sometimes we just need a rug to define a space.
"The author was writing for a great immigration that never came. He thought we were going to live on the web."

[[Webapp Ideas]]: 
- "Wigwams" a new sort of idea incubation. WXM. [[Homepage]].protocol. 
- HMLS: How Many Lives Saved counter for pooling donations. Social-credit? Problem: unattractive causes of death (e.g dehydration) get proportionally low cash inflows as we're drawn to more sensational issues.

New way of writing:
1. Zinger collection
2. Write around the zingers in plain language
3. Edit and insert the zingers. 

Exercises
1. Noah's Ark: a list of the fewest things that makes us us. 
2. Sleep with the shades up. Accelerate our "get-out-of-bed" velocity.
3. Retune the guitar, ft. James Quiambo
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]
