[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Register for WB classes
- [x] Buy new phone
- [x] Check out booth.
- [x] Build out weekly ritual to look forward to. 
- [x] Run
- [x] Pushups

Woke up nice and early at 7:00. Put on a shirt and a pair of jeans. Head out to dimsum with Aboo and Gonggong. Clifford Geertz. Hour and a half to Kennedy town. How it was raining out. Cocktail bun as we waited for the 5b bus. Showed Aboo around the UChicago Yuen campus. View of the sea, container ships passing the thick mist. Food expo at exhibition center. Walked the stalls. Made memories with Aboo today. Schlept on the bus back. Dinner, tomatoes and eggs. Called dad at 9. Got to the track. Paced ourselves off of a rando and ran our hearts out. 30 laps, 4 miles maybe. Got absolutely soaked. Front and back, our green shirt a different colour. We'll be a good sore. Go sleep now. Lua by Bright Eyes.

new decision calculus—take the action which creates more possibility
fight personality calcification.
beat the cold bucket effect and we win. 
why we run so hard—why we beg to be transformed?
[[Webapp Ideas]]: no backspace writing editor. footnotes + collapse + sorting capability

we learned recently what snaps a rubberband back—it’s statistical likelihood / say how crowds when large enough resemble liquids, become predictable / say how a man calcifies / there are all sorts of immobility that act on the moving arrow / destiny is a gravity, yet birds fly 

Deliverables:
- a draft of the road to show a prof at uchicago come fall
- one digital webapp idea made

what do we want vs need?
want: to go back
need: to move on

deliver on the promise: managing expectations is the job of the author.

| Chicago      | John the Baptist |
| ------------ | ---------------- |
| Journey West | Birth            |
| Portland     | Fathers          |
| SF           | Redeemed         |
| Desert       | Temptation       |
| Chicago      | Preaching        |
| Down South   | Cruxification    |
| New Orleans  | Death            |
| DC           | Easter           |
| New York     | Pentacost        |
| Chicago      | The Coming       |

#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]