[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Visit immigration to extend visa

Get used to living with ants. Smoke blowing from Mount Merapi en route to school. Finished Book 1B. Chinese hot plate II with Jati and Sander. Calamari’s good everywhere. Took a gojek east. Extended our visa at the immigration office. The officers have been learning Chinese. Passed a statue of a bird on a mountain of flame. Tugu peringatan. Silver men on the streets. Kos stop. Dilbert cooked up rib soup. Talked politics. America Bebas. Dehydration is making us tired. Need to regain cell service and coins.Showered. Indomaret fugue. Coconuts quenched thirst. Met Jati and Tash at a sambal restaurant. Had ayam geprek and an avocado drink. Utara icon rooftop. Overlooking jogja. Got ourselves a carbonara. Sat together on a couch swing. Australian DFAT intracacies. 

the buffalo/ the kampung chicken/ the rice fields/ the raksasa 

the cooby raccoon strolls about in a big trolley, goes round gardens to dig plants up.
operation flinders. a ragtag band of kids hike a week in the australian outback to graduate.
he died with a falafel in his hand (2001)

participate in the human chain of thought
that’s what we appreciate about writing and culture
illuminate the depths of human experience
can we steal to a great extent?
cogent themes of our life—deobjectification, exchange, networks, objects and people.

we look to other people as examples but we care too much about what other people are doing. look at our path, head down, and take the next step. 

Diego always gets friends to read through what he’s writing.
who are our most likely candidates for long term friends: nick chiu, clark wu
what sort of education are we receiving rn?
always reply to texts promptly. call frequently.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]