July 4th. Breakfast, chocolate biscuits from indomart. Called Thomas midday, he's living with Billy and working as a camp counselor in Chicago. Soto Ayam from Ibu Rita for lunch. Sent Margaret off. Bit the bullet, bought descript again. Used audition to put together audios. Gojeked to USINDO. A motorbike runs over a chicken in downtown Yogyakarta. Breathe in the fuselage. View of Jogja from atop Yamas Sky Coffee. The mountains in the distance. Got to know Quentin and the rest of the fellows. The tutors are cool, Dulce from Sulawesi. Will Park's quite the name here. Nice buffet. Quentin said his homestay aunt, who's a KTP Muslim and Kijawa practioner, keeps slipping notes under his door to ward him off from a Javanese baba yaga. 50% through with 2025. Showered. Turned the AC on. Tomorrow we move in. Get out in Jogja and photograph. 

No excuse not to sit down and mock up our webapp ideas with vibecode.
Try adaptive_ai/lovable/bolt.new/replit/cursor
Look into Paypal Mafia story

The truth about the 70s and the 80s is that the silent majority living in it may never have experienced its zeitgeist. Culture is with the forerunners, you have to be in the loop to glean it.

Tuesday we met a woman who had come to Jawa to soul search. Said she's getting to know some healers in the mountains, had just come off a stint training with shamans in Peru. We were repulsed because she committed the worse kind of crime—incoherence. This is what we risk becoming.

On the back of a motorbike, we questioned if our human experience was the one that was worth telling. We came to see the exotic, but instead we saw modernity—and how one living in central java lives a life not unlike our own. 

[[Webapp Ideas]]: maybe the beeper keychain harmonizes?
