[[Keep in Mind]]
check: https://tweek.so/
#### Must Do's
- [x] Pushups

 Woke up at 6:00 to meet the crew at Sanata Dharma. Borobodur visit in the morning. Switched into upanatas (sandals). Stretched our jarik to climb up the stairs. Sunburnt. Buddhas sitting in stupas. Hands in the pose of infinite learning. Snapped a cool pic of Amber. USINDO lunch next to a ricefield. Asked Awais about the foreign policy implications of Dune. Open turf with nets at the rim. Swaddled above the koi pond. 子非鱼，安知鱼乐乎? Mas Wendi and — sang Chinese karoake with us on the carride back. Gave Quentin the rundown of 大展宏图. Hindia's Rumah ke Rumah. Went back home to meet Ibu Dian's friends. Talked names. Left for Rambut, coffee place. Napped at our kos. Gojeked to Omah Wayang, where we met up with Amber and Dian. Some locals behind us helped translate Jaua into bahasa indonesia. Made attempts at understanding. Jati came at 11. Watched 5 hours until 1 in the morning. So much communicated in hand gestures, the Panakawan (4 beings) are jester gods—comic relief yet also beings of meta-cognition. Think Petruk had a phone at one point? The dalang is both oral historian and standup comedian. He goes back and forth with the gamelan ensemble. Only old Javanese men left in the wee hours of the morning. Hung out in the alun with Jati. The youth have the field. Food stalls still open. Walk between the two trees and do not stray. Closed our eyes and ran. Midnight snack at the indomaret. Showered and slept.

The child named "knife" because it was the first thing out of his father's mouth. 
Topfloorbossjy is gambling to live in NYC. Think Polymarket and Kalshi. Risk is the zeitgeist of our time. There's nothing to lose and everything to win.

Here's what stands between us and something like checkpoint pictures. Conviction that art can be transformative in actually putting people together. We have plenty of evidence in favor: Dylan, Vonnegut, Wallace, Wilde. 

Three thoughts on the gojek
- [[Webapp Ideas]]: need for a snazzy dropbox. Partiful but for event photo-sharing. A single link that can be tossed in the groupchat. Design imperative: extreme ease of uploading pictures. 
- There is a deeper layer to life here and that is Javanese.
- Everyone has something that deserves a 60sec doco. This is the artistic permissive that we should live life with. 

Gist of the wayang: Sedewa, one of the Padawa brothers, is kicked out without being given a reason. He summons the gods for an answer, who give Sedewa shapeshifting clothes so that he may slip back in the palace to investigate. Meanwhile in the heavens, Vishnu asks two minor gods what the disturbance on Earth is all about. He hands them a vial of holy water for Bima, only for it to end up in the hands of the treacherous Kurawas—the Padawa's rival relatives with whom they are at war.

To close your eyes and walk between the two trees in the Alkid (alun alun kidul) is a rite of passage and a test of innocence.
#### Are we closer?
- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
#### Link To
[[100 Days]]